Warren Buffett~ Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Lao Tzu~ Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Laurence J. Peter~ Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
Margaret Cho~ I love drugs but I hate hangovers and the hatred of the hangover wins by a landslide every time.
Anon.~ The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ There is no victory at bargain basement prices.
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck. -Channing Pollock
Mark Twain~ Language is a city to the building of which every human being brought a stone.
Lawana Blackwell~ It isnt kind to cultivate a friendship just so one will have an audience.
You can't lead anyone else further than you have gone yourself. -Gene Mauch
Zig Ziglar~ Push on friend. Youre just one exciting step from the banquet hall of life.
John Still~ The memories of men are too frail a thread to hang history from.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame. - George Eliot (pseudonym of Mary Ann Evans Cross)
There is never a right way to do the wrong thing.
Joan L. Curcio~ Courageous risks are life-giving they help you grow make you brave and better than you think you are.
Charles De Gaulle~ Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.
Brian Tracy~ It doesnt matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
Cyrano Savinien de Bergerac~ I may climb perhaps to no great heights but I will climb alone.
He who fails to prepare, prepares to fail.
Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world. -Unknown Author
Honore de Balzac~ He has great tranquility of heart who cares neither for the praises nor the fault-finding of men.
Franklin P. Jones~ Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure. -Colin Powell
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears.
Elizabeth II~ It is as queen of Canada that I am here. Queen of Canada and all Canadians not just one or two ancestral strains.
Baslo~ Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise, seek what they sought.
Isaac Asimov~ Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Eric Pio~ Make friends not enemies and you will always have eyes in the back of your head.
Monsieur Nana Adom~ Impossibility simply means I'm possibility.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Life isnt long enough for love and art.
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Albert Einstein~ Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need. (Kahlil Gibran, poet)
Harold Bloom~ Reading well is one of the great pleasures that solitude can afford you.
Samuel Johnson~ What is written without effort is in general read without pleasure.
When a man is no longer anxious to do better than well, he is done for. -Benjamin Haydon
Baltasar Gracian~ Without courage wisdom bears no fruit.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. -Francis Bacon
Lois McMaster Bujold~ A good friend of my sons is a son to me.
Norman Maclean~ It is those we live with and love and should know who elude us.
Why do people keep junk in their garage, whilethey put things that worth thousands of dollars out on the driveway?
Vincent McNabb~ What great delight it is to see the ones we love and then to have speech with them.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed. -Coretta Scott King
Ely Gulbertson~ We must conquer war or war will conquer us.
Jean R. Langley~ Boys will be boys... and so will most men.
Then indecision brings its own delays and days are lost lamenting o'er lost days. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Aristotle~ They should rule who are able to rule best.
Christian Williams~ Words are a heavy thing...they weigh you down. If birds talked they couldnt fly.
John F. Kennedy~ Mankind must put an end to war or war will put an end to mankind.
Jacqui Webb~ Music is a medicine for many... Silence is a poison for some...
Denise Levertov~ Marvelous Truth confront us at every turn in every guise.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. - Edward Gibbon
William Shakespeare~ The course of true love never did run smooth.
Antisthenes~ Observe your enemies for they first find out your faults.
Nursing her wrath to keep it warm. - Robert Burns
Frederick Buechner~ If it seems a childish thing to do do it in remembrance that you are a child.
Happy laughter and family voices in the home will keep more kids off the streets at night than the strictest curfew.
Becky Alunan~ Life is a joke. The only way to survive it is to find the right punchline.
Douglas Malloch~ The biggest liar in the world is They Say.
I always win. Except when I lose, but then I just don't count it.
Demosthenes~ The easiest thing of all is to deceive ones self for what a man wishes he generally believes to be true.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Washington D.C. is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
Simone de Beauvoir~ To make oneself an object to make oneself passive is a very different thing from being a passive object.
Aeschylus~ It is not the oath that makes us believe the man but the man the oath.
Johann von Goethe~ Knowing is not enough we must apply. Willing is not enough we must do.
Kahlil Gibran~ If indeed you must be candid be candid beautifully.
Elie Wiesel~ There are victories of the soul and spirit. Sometimes even if you lose you win.
William Lyon Phelps~ This is the first test of a gentleman his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
By outward show let's not be cheated; An ass should like an ass be treated. - John Gay
Theodore Ledyard Cuyler~ God never built a Christian strong enough to carry todays duties and tomorrows anxieties piled on top of them.
Unknown~ Fear clouds your mind it distracts your thoughts to survive in dangerous times you must learn to supress it and think.
Kahlil Gibran~ Enthusiasm is a volcano on whose top never grows the grass of hesitation.
Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen. -Peter Marshall
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Never invoke the gods unless you really want them to appear. It annoys them very much.
Bertrand Russell~ No one gossips about other peoples secret virtues.
Lust is pure passion. Love tempers passion with reason. (John W. Kennedy)
Beautiful faces are those that wear whole-souled honesty printed there. (Ellen Palmer Allerton)
Quida~ Take hope from the heart of man and you make him a beast of prey.
Latin Proverb~ The doctor is to be feared more than the disease.
John Heywood~ A man may well bring a horse to the water but he cannot make him drink.
All your dreams come true, if you have the courage to pursue them. (Walt Disney)
Love builds bridges where there are none. - R. H. Delaney
George Santayana~ Our dignity is not in what we do but what we understand.
Lou A. Riley~ Relativity keeps anything from happening at once. Quantum mechanics keeps everything from really happening at all.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -Erica Jong
French Proverb~ Travellers from afar can lie with impunity.
William Shakespeare~ Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore So do our minutes hasten to their end.
To have one's individuality completely ignored is like being pushed quite out of life - like being blown out as one blows out a light.
Honore de Balzac~ The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin.
Nelson Boswell~ I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning.
Julius Caesar~ It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Josh Traeger~ The quickest way to reach the point of success is to follow a straight line that carves through failure.
Unknown~ If all my friends were to jump off a bridge I wouldnt jump with them Id be at the bottom to catch them.
Saint Augustine~ Nothing whatever pertaining to godliness and real holiness can be accomplished without grace.
A will finds a way. -Orison Swett Marden
Audrey Giorgi~ Once in a while you have to take a break and visit yourself.
Success requires no explanations, failure permits no alibis. -Napoleon Hill
Demophilus~ The beauty of a statue is in its outward form of a man in his conduct.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A true friend is somebody who can make us do what we can.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Nothing can come out of nothing any more than a thing can go back to nothing.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. -Epictetus
Let him that would move the world first move himself. - Socrates
Arthur Honegger~ There is no doubt that the first requirement for a composer is to be dead.
Batman~ The Joker Waitll they get a load of ME
Freedom is the right to live as we wish. -Epictetus
Roses are red Violets are blue Most poems rhyme This one doesn't
Accuracy is the twin brother of honesty; inaccuracy, of dishonesty. - Charles Simmons
Love and marriage, love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Dad was told by mother. You can't have one without the other. - Sammy Cahn
Lewis Mumford~ Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.
Arthur Schopenhauer~ We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The man of understanding finds everything laughable.
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you. -Henry J. Kaiser
Proverbs Bible~ There is that maketh himself rich yet hath nothing there is that maketh himself poor yet hath great riches.
Don't document the program; program the document.
Only so far as a man believes strongly, mightily, can he act cheerfully, or do anything that is worth doing. -Frederick W. Robertson
Roger Bannister~ What do we live for if not to make life less difficult for each other
Steve Wozniak~ Never trust a computer you cant throw out a window.
I can not dial 411. There's no 11 on my phone.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ Every man has a right to life. That means that he also has a right to make a comfortable living.
Erich Segal~ Love means never having to say youre sorry.
Unknown~ All power corrupts but we need the electricity.
I've learned that when you plan to get even with someone, you are only letting that person continue to hurt you. - Andy Rooney
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain. -Maya Angelou
Killing time murders opportunities.
Peter Ustinov~ Critics search for ages for the wrong word which to give them credit they eventually find.
June Masters Bacher~ Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then but the strings remain forever.
Perfection is attained by slow degrees; it requires the hand of time. -François Voltaire
Homer~ You ought not to practice childish ways since you are no longer that age.
Humphrey Davy~ The most important of my discoveries have been suggested to me by my failures.
Great Spirit, help me never to judge another until I have walked in his moccasins for two weeks. -Sioux Indian Prayer
Let us so live that when we die even the undertaker will be sorry. (Mark Twain)
David Starr Jordan~ There is no real excellence in all this world Which can be separated from right living.
Jean Anouilh~ Until the day of his death no man can be sure of his courage.
William Carlos Williams~ The better work men do is always done under stress and at great personal cost.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ Give what you have. To someone it may be better than you dare to think.
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition. -Alexander Smith
John Collins~ Never trust a man who speaks well of everybody.
H.L. Mencken~ The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal.
Woody Allen~ My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
If a relationship, or a person does not bring you peace...thats all you need to get out.
Werner Karl Heisenberg~ An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject and how to avoid them.
Muslim Proverb~ Trust in Allah but tie your camel.
William Shakespeare~ Assume a virtue if you have it not.
Why did I want to win? because I didn't want to lose! -Max Schmelling
We have all the light we need, we just need to put it in practice. -Pilgrims
Orson Welles~ Now we sit through Shakespeare in order to recognize the quotations.
Doubt is the father of invention. -Galileo
Davy Crockett~ I leave this rule for others when Im dead Be always sure youre right - then go ahead.
Hermann Hesse~ When dealing with the insane the best method is to pretend to be sane.
Greed is a lasting slavery. (Ali bin Abi Talib)
Lao Tzu~ When you are content to be simply yourself and dont compare or compete everybody will respect you.
Get the facts first. You can distort them later. -Mark Twain
Create your future from your future not your past. -Werner Erhardt
Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future. -Zig Ziglar
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ As is a tale so is life not how long it is but how good it is is what matters.
Welsh Proverb~ Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people.
Don Fraser~ A happy home is one in which each spouse grants the possibility that the other may be right though neither believes it.
John Paul Jones~ I have not yet begun to fight
John Greenleaf Whittier~ No longer forward nor behindI look in hope or fearBut grateful take the good I findThe best of now and here.
Rough diamonds may sometimes be mistaken for worthless pebbles. -Sir Thomas Browne
Ross MacDonald~ Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldnt cure.
William Shakespeare~ Yet do I fear thy nature It is too full o the milk of human kindness.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ When ideas fail words come in very handy.
Ed Gardner~ Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and instead of bleeding he sings.
Many individuals have, like uncut diamonds, shining qualities beneath a rough exterior. -Juvenal
Jean Jacques Rousseau~ As soon as any man says of the affairs of the State What does it matter to me the State may be given up for lost.
Bill Watterson~ Careful. We dont want to learn from this.
Unknown~ It is the darkest hour before dawn.
Publilius Syrus~ The judge is condemned when the criminal is absolved.
The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings. -Okakura Kakuzo
To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose, the next best.
James Grover Thurber~ I think that maybe if women and children were in charge we would get somewhere.
Moses Hadas~ I have read your book and much like it.
Anon.~ Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
Being an optimist after you've got very thing you want doesn't count. -Ken Hubbard
Thomas Merton~ The least of learning is done in the classrooms.
All men make mistakes but married men find out about them sooner.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Live together like brothers, and do business like strangers. - Anonymous
Success of today resulted from the failure of yesterday.
Style is not neutral; it gives moral directions. - Martin Amis
Albert Einstein~ Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything one learned in school.
W. Somerset Maugham~ I do not confer praise or blame I accept. I am the measure of all things. I am the centre of the world.
Gretel Ehrlich~ Walking is also an ambulation of mind.
B. A. Fajimi~ Every disappointment gives you opportunity to make another appointment.
Kingman Brewster Jr.~ We all live in a televised goldfish bowl.
Anaxagoras~ The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
John Locke~ Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
Roy E. Moody~ The greatest motivational act one person can do for another is to listen.
Norman Douglas~ You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
Morley Saefer~ Parents like the idea of kids they just dont like their kids.
West African Saying~ No one is without knowledge except him who asks no questions.
Ed Parker~ The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments and is yet willing to learn more.
Dan Quayle~ If we dont succeed we run the risk of failure.
Don't follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ Never before have we had so little time in which to do so much.
Woodrow Wilson~ I would rather fail in a cause that will ultimately triumph than to triumph in a cause that will ultimately fail.
La Bruyere~ Discretion is the perfection of reason and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
You're in a much better position to talk with people when they approach you than when you approach them. -Pilgrims
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Sometimes I think the so-called experts actually ARE experts.
A woman in love can't be reasonable - or she probably wouldn't be in love. - Mae West
William Shakespeare~ The soul of this man is in his clothes.
And when it rains on your parade, look up rather than down. Without the rain, there would be no rainbow. - Jerry Chin
Seneca~ He will live ill who does not know how to die well.
Error always addresses the passions and prejudices; truth scorns such mean intrigue, and only addresses the understanding and the conscience.
He not busy being born is busy dying. -Bob Dylan
You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of a true professional. -Joe Paterno
Bible~ Faith without works is dead.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. -Sir James M. Barrie
Albert Einstein~ Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
Clive Staples Lewis~ The Future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour whatever he does whoever he is.
Harvey Mackay~ It isnt the people you fire who make your life miserable its the people you dont.
Miguel de Cervantes~ God bears with the wicked but not forever.
William Adams~ Faith is a continuation of reason.
Too many parents make life hard for their children by trying, too zealously, to make it easy for them. -Goethe
Success is always temporary. When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character. -Vince Gill
Mae West~ A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars thats subtraction.
Sam Rayburn~ No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds. -Thomas Dunn English
Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose. -John Stosssel
Henry Ward Beecher~ Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Colin~ There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation hard work and learning from failure.
Unknown~ Hes the kind of a guy who lights up a room just by flicking a switch.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth~ The secret of eternal youth is arrested development.
You can change anything you want. You just can't change everything you want. -Peter Mcwilliams
Thorough preparation makes its own luck. -Joe Poyer
George Sewell~ Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt.
Bern Williams~ Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Paul Aubuchon~ Money doesnt talk it swears.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ It is through the cracks in our brains that ecstasy creeps in.
Terence~ Nothing is said that has not been said before.
No change of circumstances can repair a defect of character. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Desiderius Erasmus~ Our determination to imitiate Christ should be such that we have no time for other matters.
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man how to fish, he'll eat for a lifetime. -Ancient Proverb
Jean Pierre Claris De Florian~ Pleasure of love lasts but a moment Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
Blessing Irish~ At a certain age some peoples minds close up they live on their intellectual fat.
I've learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but that all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it. - Andy Rooney
Miguel de Cervantes~ I shall be as secret as the grave.
Timothy Leary~ Turn on tune in and drop out.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him. -Henry Miller
George Eliot~ Nothing is so good as it seems beforehand.
Richard Bach~ Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ If you are losing your leisure look out You are losing your soul.
James Barrie~ Ones religion is whatever one is most interested in.
Agnes Repplier~ We cannot really love anybody with whom we never laugh.
Leonard L. Levinson~ The past is the tomorrow that got away.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life. - Sandara Carey
Joel S. Goldsmith~ God must become an activity in our consciousness.
Arnold Daly~ Golf is like a love affair if you dont take it seriously its no fun. If you do take it seriously it breaks your heart.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
Fools rush in - and get all the best seats.
The mind of a poet begins with an H and ends with a T, listening with an EAR in between. (Lori Herber)
Henry Miller~ The aim of life is to live and to live means to be aware joyously drunkenly serenely divinely aware.
Never feel self-pity, the most destructive emotion there is. How awful to be caught up in the terrible squirrel cage of self. - Millicent Fenwick
No one does anything from a single motive. -Samuel Taylor Coleridge
What seems impossible one minute becomes, through faith, possible the next. -Norman Vincent Peale
Oprah Winfrey~ I know for sure that what we dwell on is who we become.
Saint Francis de Sales~ Nothing is so powerful as gentleness nothing is so gentle as true strength.
Dorothy Parker~ The best way to keep children home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant - and let the air out of the tires.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Frank Bruno~ Boxing is just show business with blood.
Do not think that what your thoughts dwell on does not matter. Your thoughts are making you. -Bishop Steere
Rita Mae Brown~ A deadline is negative inspiration. Still its better than no inspiration at all.
Tryon Edwards~ Every parting is a form of death as every reunion is a type of heaven.
Since thou art not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour. (Benjamin Franklin)
William Shakespeare~ O Romeo Romeo wherefore art thou Romeo
If a man is not there for you at your worst, he does not deserve to see you at your best.
It is hard to stumble when you're on your knees.
Why do some displays of "I love you only" Valentine cards sell them in multi-packs?
Basil OConnor~ The world cannot continue to wage war like physical giants and to seek peace like intellectual pygmies.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ We must combine the toughness of the serpent and the softness of the dove a tough mind and a tender heart.
No padlocks, bolts, or bars can secure a maiden better than her own reserve. - Miguel De Cervantes
The definition of virtue: Insufficient temptation. (George Bernard Shaw)
People who do the world's real work don't usually wear neckties.
Harry S Truman~ If you tell Congress everything about the world situation they get hysterical. If you tell them nothing they go fishing.
William Feather~ Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.
They always win who side with God. -Frederick W. Faber
Even I don't wake up looking like Cindy Crawford. - Cindy Crawford
In order to conquer, what we need is to dare, still to dare, and always to dare. -Georges Danton
Eric Hoffer~ There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other.
There are three sides to any story, my side, his side and the truth.
Pope John Paul II~ The truth is not always the same as the majority decision.
To do nothing is also a good remedy. - Hippocrates
Honore de Balzac~ The more one judges the less one loves.
Bill Gates~ The great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it it doesnt get bigger or heavier.
Ovid~ There is a god within us and we have intercourse with heaven. That spirit comes from abodes on high.
Getting older, everything gets worse; except forgetfulness...That gets better.
Human things must be known to be loved: but Divine things must be loved to be known.
Dag Hammarskjld~ Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for great enough to die for.
We spent our whole youth to obtain wealth and our whole wealth to obtain youth.
Blaise Pascal~ Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back.
Edward De Bono~ Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins, not through strength but by perseverance. -H. Jackson Brown
A man spends the first half of his life learning habits that shorten the other half of his life.
Albert Camus~ There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn.
If a brown cow eats green grass why is it's milk white?
Hebrew Proverb~ Opinions founded on prejudice are always sustained with the greatest violence.
Mary Catherine Bateson~ The family is changing not disappearing. We have to broaden our understanding of it look for the new metaphors.
Henry St. John Bolingbroke~ History is philosophy teaching by examples.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ There are many things of which a wise man might wish to be ignorant.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Nurture your mind with great thoughts For you will never go any higher that you think...
A person who makes no mistakes, generally makes nothing.
Buddha~ Times of luxury do not last long but pass away very quickly nothing in this world can be long enjoyed.
Diana Black~ Big egos are big shields for lots of empty space.
Saint Teresa of Avila~ The feeling remains that God is on the journey too.
Joseph Conrad~ I take it that what all men are really after is some form or perhaps only some formula of peace.
George Bernard Shaw~ Do you know what a pessimist is A man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself and hates them for it.
The man who wins may have been counted out several times but he didn't hear the referee. -H E Jansen
Handsome is that handsome does. - Henry Fielding
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see. -Ayn Rand
H. Jackson Brown Jr.~ When you hear a kind word spoken about a friend tell him so.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. -Ambrose Redmoon
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. -John F Kennedy
Geoffrey Neighor~ Good food ends with good talk.
Sign on a church bulletin board: Planning to go to Heaven? Get your flight training here.
Truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it and ignorance may deride it, but, in the end, there it is. -Sir Winston Churchill
Richard Milhous Nixon~ My concern today is not with the length of a persons hair but with his conduct. (On campus radicals)
Gambling undermines the moral fiber of society. ~ Gordon B. Hinkley
Jerry Coleman~ Houston has its largest crowd of the night here this evening.
E. B. White~ Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half the time.
George Klingle~ Days change so many things - yes hours - we see so differently in suns and showers.
Johnny McEntyre~ Im not running and Im not walking fast. Im going where I need to be.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally. (A. Lincoln)
Ilie Nastase~ My ambition is to do a good job. I never plan anything. (running for mayor of Bucharest Romania)
Kahlil Gibran~ In the depth of my soul there is a wordless song.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship. (Louisa May Alcott)
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned. -Struther Burt
Golda Meir~ I dont know why you use a fancy French word like dtente when theres a good English phrase for it-cold war.
All you need to know is the user interface.
Michel de Montaigne~ No man is exempt from saying silly things the mischief is to say them deliberately.
William Shakespeare~ So full of artless jealousy is guilt It spills itself in fearing to be spilt.
Walt Disney~ All of our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them.
Sophocles~ No man loves life like him thats growing old.
Oscar Wilde~ The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius.
Henry David Thoreau~ Government never furthered any enterprise but the alacrity with which it got out of the way.
Billy Wilder~ Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.
Sir Winston Churchill~ A fanatic is one who cant change his mind and wont change the subject.
John Milton~ Millions of spiritual creatures walk the earth Unseen both when we wake and when we sleep.
Learning is forging a head. Thinking is foraging a head.
Sydney Smith~ Live always in the best company when you read.
You don't always get what you ask for, but you never get what you don't ask for... unless it's contagious!. - Franklyn Broude
Douglas Adams~ Humans are not proud of their ancestors and rarely invite them round to dinner.
Ernest Hemingway~ Were always lucky I said and like a fool I did not knock on wood.
Henry David Thoreau~ How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
E. B. White~ Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
Richard Bach~ You teach best what you most need to learn.
Woody Allen~ Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Under all that we think, lives all we believe, like the ultimate veil of our spirits. -Antonio Machado
Francis Bacon~ Death is a friend of ours and he that is not ready to entertain him is not at home.
Aristophanes~ Under every stone lurks a politician.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. -Oscar Wilde
James T. Farrell~ If you let conditions stop you from working theyll always stop you.
Paul Brown~ A winner never whines.
Julie Arabi~ The men who come on the stage at one period are all found to be related to each other. Certain ideas are in the air.
Johathan Edwards~ Grace is but glory begun and glory is but grace perfected.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings. -Dave Weinbaum
When you are trying to convince yourself something is right, it is usually wrong.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ To fill the hour-that is happiness.
Henry Kissinger~ The nice thing about being a celebrity is that when you bore people they think its their fault.
Don't play for safety-it's the most dangerous thing in the world. -Hugh Walpole
Thomas Jefferson~ The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
Sir Walter Besant~ My way of joking is to tell the truth. Its the funniest joke in the world.
I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that. - Lauren Bacall
Charlotte Bronte~ I try to avoid looking forward or backward and try to keep looking upward.
A total commitment is paramount to reaching the ultimate in performance. - Tom Flores
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Ones mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimensions.
John Dryden~ The conscience of a people is their power.
Henry P. Fairchild~ No amount of artificial reinforcement can offset the natural inequalities of human individuals.
Be bold. Be confident. Be alive. A gallery of possibilities awaits for you when you make change your friend. -Bob Bone
Greek Proverb~ A heart that loves is always young.
Attend Church weekly NOT weakly.
It's not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness. - Charles Haddon-spurgeon
Lawrence Peter Berra~ How can a guy hit and think at the same time
Georges Clemenceau~ War is a series of catastrophes that results in a victory.
American Indian Proverb~ Never criticize a man until youve walked a mile in his moccasins.
John Wilkins~ Garner up pleasant thoughts in your mind for pleasant thoughts make pleasant lives.
Thomas K. II Mattingly~ Its very hard to take yourself too seriously when you look at the world from outer space.
Fools learn from experience. Wise men learn from the experience of others (Otto von Bismark)
Alexander Pope~ To err is human to forgive divine.
Keep your goals away from the trolls. -Peter Mcwilliams
Jewish Proverb~ Just as courage imperils life fear protects it.
Sweet is the remembrance of troubles when you are in safety. (Euripides)
Allan K. Chalmers~ The grand essentials of happiness are something to do something to love and something to hope for.
Hermann Hesse~ Often it is the most deserving people who cannot help loving those who destroy them.
Proverb~ The Devil finds work for idle hands.
Prince Klemens Wenzel Nepomuk Lothar von Metternich~ I came into the world either too early or too late at present I am good for nothing.
George Santayana~ Friendship is constant in all other things Save in the office and affairs of love.
Alfred A. Montapert~ The only calendar I need is just outside my window. With eyes to see and ears to hear nature keeps me posted.
Publilius Syrus~ The end always passes judgement on what has gone before.
William Shakespeare~ This bud of love by summers ripening breath May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
Elbert Hubbard~ The love we give away is the only love we keep.
A man who lives in a glass house should change in basement.
It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women. -Louisa May Alcott
Harold Ruopp~ ife does not require us to make good it asks only that we give our best at each level of experience.
Colonel Sanders~ Theres no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You cant do any business from there.
Louis LAmour~ Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content.
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
John Updike~ America is a vast conspiracy to make you happy.
You've got to say, I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it. It's called perseverance. -Lee Iacocca
Skier; one who pays an arm and a leg for the opportunity to break them.
Albert Einstein~ If the facts dont fit the theory change the facts.
Confucius~ Forget injuries never forget kindnesses.
Anything that has been accomplished by any other human being in the physical realm is within the field of possibility. -Wayne Dyer
If it is tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
B. F. Skinner~ Society attacks early when the individual is helpless.
We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen. -Calvin Coolidge
John Dryden~ Reason to rule but mercy to forgive The first is the law the last prerogative.
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. -William James
Amy Tan~ Memory feeds imagination.
Colin Powell~ Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls your ego goes with it.
Immanuel Kant~ May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law.
Charles Reade~ Sow an act and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny.
John Glenn~ There is still no cure for the common birthday.
The world is composed of givers and takers..the takers may eat better, but the givers sleep better.
Lose not yourself in a far off time, seize the moment that is thine. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Frederick the Great~ Religion is the idol of the mob it adores everything it does not understand.
Aesop~ We would often be sorry if our wishes were gratified.
Seneca~ No one can wear a mask for very long.
If you can lay your head on your pillow each night knowing you gave hundred per cent to your day, success will find you. -Russell L. Mason
If you don't like the way you were born, try being born again.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette~ A woman who thinks she is intelligent demands the same rights as man. An intelligent woman gives up.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton~ Nothing strengthens the judgment and quickens the conscience like individual responsibility.
We will often find compensation if we think more of what life has given us and less about what life has taken away. -William Barclay
Walter Winchell~ Remember that nobody will ever get ahead of you as long as he is kicking you in the seat of the pants.
Yiddish Proverb~ If a man is destined to drown he will drown even in a spoonful of water.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The advice of their elders to young men is very apt to be as unreal as a list of the hundred best books.
Moshe Arens~ Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Anais Nin~ When you make a world tolerable for yourself you make a world tolerable for others.
Oscar Wilde~ A man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her.
William Shakespeare~ But soft what light through yonder window breaks It is the east and Juliet is the sun.
If I had my life to live over I would have invited friends over to dinner even if the carpet was stained and the sofa faded. (Erma Bombeck)
George Bernard Shaw~ Englishmen hate Liberty and Equality too much to understand them. But every Englishman loves a pedigree.
Responsibility walks hand in hand with capacity and power. - Josiah Gilbert Holland
B. J. Gupta~ Poor are poor because rich are rich.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor. -Elizabeth 1
Decision and determination are the engineer and fireman of our train to opportunity and success. -Burt Lawlor
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. (Gandhi)
Bertrand Russell~ All movements go too far.
Quentin Crisp~ Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
Frank A. Clark~ I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.
George Asaf~ Whats the use of worrying It never was worthwhile.
Rabbi David Wolpe~ One of the things that makes God different from people is that God is always available to listen.
Thoughts lead to acts. Acts lead to habits. Habits lead to character. And our character will determine our eternal destiny.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ It is better to be making the news than taking it to be an actor rather than a critic.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Adversity does teach who your real friends are.
But a stranger in a strange land, he is no one: men know him not-and to know not is to care not for. - Johnathan Swift
With so much information now online, it is exceptionally easy to simply dive in and drown. - Alfred Glossbrenner
When the congregation falls asleep it is time for the minister to wake up.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Anyone can stop a mans life but no one his death a thousand doors open on to it. - Phoenissae
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible. - Andy Warhol
Beck~ The limitations are limitless.
Josef Stalin~ Sincere diplomacy is no more possible than dry water or wooden iron.
Benjamin Jowett~ The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Voltaire~ Judge of a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Idealism increases in direct proportion to one's distance from the problem. -Darcy E. Gibbons
Vidal Sassoon~ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary.
Walt Crawford Kelly~ We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
John Phillips Marquand~ It is worthwhile for anyone to have behind him a few generations of honest hard-working ancestry.
William Shakespeare~ If it were done when tis done then twere well It were done quickly.
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra? A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed psychiatrist is our friend.
George Horace Lorimer~ Colleges dont make fools. They only develop them.
Allan Bloom~ Education is the movement from darkness to light.
Victor Hugo~ There is one thing stronger than all the armies of the world and that is an idea whose time has come.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ Hope deceitful as it is serves at least to lead us to the end of our lives by an agreeable route.
Paul Fix~ The only reason some people get lost in thought is because its unfamiliar territory.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ I am not young enough to know everything.
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace. -J Lubbock
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The man is only half himself the other half is his expression.
CaddyShack~ Al Czervik Hey everybody were all gonna get laid.
Faith is not faith until it's all you're holding on to.
Sophocles~ The end excuses any evil.
William Congreve~ I came upstairs into the world for I was born in a cellar.
Latin Proverb~ God will be present whether asked or not.
George Washington~ To encourage literature and the arts is a duty which every good citizen owes to his country.
Sometimes only a change of viewpoint is needed to convert a tiresome duty into an interesting opportunity. -Alberta Flanders
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
When it seems that someone has shattered your dreams....pick up even the smallest of pieces and use them to build bigger and better dreams.
A Chinese Child~ An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
Anatole France~ To die for an idea is to place a pretty high price on conjecture.
Anon.~ Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers.
Oh, the worst of all tragedies is not to die young, but to live until I am seventy-five and yet not ever truly to have lived.
Francis Bacon~ The subtlety of nature is greater many times over than the subtlety of the senses and understanding.
Edmund Burke~ You can never plan the future by the past.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost. - Joan Crawford
Sir Winston Churchill~ Broadly speaking the short words are the best and the old words best of all.
Chinese Proverb~ Happiness is like a sunbeam which the least shadow intercepts while adversity is often as the rain of spring.
Marion Shepilov Barry Jr.~ Outside of the killings Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country.
Every day there's sad news and bad news, but each day itself is glad news.
Publilius Syrus~ As men we are all equal in the presence of death.
Robert Killinger~ You cant win at everything but you can laugh at everything.
It's a lot better to hope than not to. -Benjamin J. Stein in The American Spectator
Donald G. Smith~ The people who teach us that it is wrong to be skeptical are themselves the reasons that we should be skeptical.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single minute before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
Orson Welles~ When you are down and out something always turns up-and it is usually the noses of your friends.
William Shakespeare~ As flies to wanton boys are we to the godsThey kill us for their sport.
Saadi~ Roam abroad in the world and take thy fill of its enjoyments before the day shall come when thou must quit it for good.
Danish proverb~ To the good listener half a word is enough.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything. -Eugene Delacroix
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Art is long life short judgment difficult opportunity transient.
Napolean Hill~ If you must speak ill of another do not speak it . . . write it in the sand near the waters edge.
Why isn't there mouse flavoured cat food?
Tough times never last, but tough people do. -Dr. Robert Schuller
Thomas Jefferson~ When you reach the end of your rope tie a knot in it and hang on.
Anon.~ A real leader faces the music even when he doesnt like the tune.
Barry Goldwater~ Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice. And moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ In weightlifting I dont think sudden uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you.
Henry Ward Beecher~ A reputation for good judgment for fair dealing for truth and for rectitude is itself a fortune.
Stanislaw Lec~ He who limps is still walking.
Ronald Reagan~ While I take inspiration from the past like most Americans I live for the future.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.
Frank Herbert~ The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
Evelyn Waugh~ What is youth except a man or a woman before it is ready or fit to be seen
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital. -Joe Paterno
Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock~ Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.
Euripides~ Do not consider painful what is good for you.
Socrates~ I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.
E. M. Forster~ If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.
Jim~ Nobody understands anyone including those who are .
Shirley Temple~ I stopped believing in Santa Claus when my mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
Tom Robbins~ To achieve the impossible it is precisely the unthinkable that must be thought.
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable. -Jeremy Collier
Elizabeth Bowen~ Illusions are art for the feeling person and it is by art that you live if you do.
Henry David Thoreau~ Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes.
Alan Alexander Milne~ We cant all and some of us dont. Thats all there is to it.
Charity sees the need, not the cause. -German Proverb
Youth wastes away, but immaturity can last a lifetime.
Max De Pree~ The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between the leader is a servant.
Hubert Humphrey~ The right to be heard does not autmatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Charles Dickens~ In love of home the love of country has its rise.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Those who say religion has nothing to do with politics do not know what religion is.
While men talk of killing time, slowly time kills men.
William James~ If you want a quality act as if you already had it. Try the as if technique.
Sir Anthony Hawkins~ Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Buddha~ If a mans mind becomes pure his surroundings will also become pure.
Mike Ditka~ Success is never permanent and failure is never final.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman. (Mr Sim York Soo)
You can't let one bad moment spoil a bunch of good ones. -Dale Earnhardt
Now the Name of Jesus is a concrete and powerful means of transforming men and women into their hidden, innermost utmost reality. -Bible
I would give all the wealth of the world, and all the deeds of all the heroes, for one true vision. -Henry David Thoreau
William Wordsworth~ To me the meanest flower that blows can give Thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears.
People used to switch on TV's after getting bored with their routine work. Now they switch to routine work after getting bored with TV.
William Shakespeare~ When holy and devout religious men Are at their beads tis hard to draw them thence So sweet is zealous contemplation.
Ernest Hemingway~ Always do sober what you said youd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Johann von Goethe~ We do not have to visit a madhouse to find disordered minds our planet is the mental institution of the universe.
The artist is nothing without gift, but gift is nothing without work. -Émile Zola
Do not, for one repulse, forego the purpose that you resolved to effect. -William Shakespeare
Henry Louis Mencken~ Love is like war easy to begin but very hard to stop.
Will Rogers~ You cant say that civilization dont advance however for in every war they kill you in a new way.
Elizabeth II~ I myself prefer my New Zealand eggs for breakfast. (After she was pelted with eggs during a walkabout on New Zealand visit)
J. B. Yeats~ Personality is born out of pain. It is the fire shut up in the flint.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ If you look long enough into the void the void begins to look back through you.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. - Jacob Braude
Judy Garland~ I can live without money but I cannot live without love.
Courage is the willingness to accept fear and act anyway. -Author unknown
Kierkegaard~ People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
If you chase two rabbits, both will escape. -Author unknown
Arnold Glasgow~ Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. -Len Wein
Vincent Van Gogh~ I am not an adventurer by choice but by fate.
Michel de Montaigne~ There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays. -Kierkegaard
If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings including this one. -Anonymous
Theophrastus~ Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
We may eventually come to realize that chastity is no more a virtue than malnutrition. -Alexander Comfort
Seneca~ Toil to make yourself remarkable by some talent or other.
William Shakespeare~ The gaudy blabbing and remorseful day Is crept into the bosom of the sea.
Eighty percent of life's satisfaction comes from meaningful relationships. (Brian Tracy)
Ken Wisdom~ A person determined never to be wrong wont likely accomplish much.
William Arthur Ward~ Wise are they who have learned these truths Trouble is temporary. Time is tonic. Tribulation is a test tube.
Jerome K. Jerome~ It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well. -Aristotle
Every chance taken is another chance to win. -Unknown Author
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances. -Julia Soul
You can't always control the wind, but you can control your sails. -Anthony Robbins
George Bernard Shaw~ Youll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race.
Richard Bach~ The more I want to get something done the less I call it work.
Immanuel Hermann Fichte~ If we cannot live so as to be happy let us least live so as to deserve it.
Robert Burns~ O would some power the giftie gie us to see ourselves as others see us.
James Randi~ People who are smart get into Mensa. People who are really smart look around and leave.
Seneca~ I do not distinguish by the eye but by the mind which is the proper judge.
If you want to be a winner, hang around with winners. - Christopher D. Furman
There is only one success-to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
Joseph P. Thompson~ Real glory springs from the silent conquest of ourselves.
Darrin Weinberg~ It matters not whether you win or lose what matters is whether I win or lose.
George Dennison Prentice~ Memory is not so brilliant as hope but it is more beautiful and a thousand times as true.
Zachary Scott~ As you grow older youll find the only things you regret are the things you didnt do.
Plato~ Everything that deceives may be said to enchant.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open your mouth and prove it.
Don't believe in miracles - depend on them. -Laurence J. Peter
Vince Lombardi~ Nobody is hurt. Hurt is in the mind. If you can walk you can run.
Geoffrey F. Albert~ The most important thing about having goals is having one.
Be glad today. Tomorrow may bring tears. Be brave today. The darkest night will pass. And golden rays will usher in the dawn. - Sarah Knowles Bolton
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Edwin Holt Hughes~ If we were to be asked suddenly to give a definition of humility we would doubtless be greatly embarrassed.
Anais Nin~ When we blindly adopt a religion a political system a literary dogma we become automatons. We cease to grow.
Chinese Proverb~ With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown.
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but cannot be taken away unless it is surrendered. -Michael J. Fox
I've learned that I wish I could have told my mom that I love her one more time before she passed away. - Andy Rooney
Unknown~ An individual cannot know what he is till he has made himself real by action.
Milton Friedman~ The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.
Scottish Proverb~ Better be ill spoken of by one before all than by all before one.
The most important trip you may take in life is meeting people half way. -Henry Boyle
W. Somerset Maugham~ By the time a man notices that he is no longer young his youth has long since left him.
Vincent Van Gogh~ Keep your love of nature for that is the true way to understand art more and more.
Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it. -Tallulah Bankhead
A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light.
Edwin Holt Hughes~ God is the God of truth and every spiritual quality must live with that holy attribute.
To change and to change for the better are two different things. -German proverb
All poetic inspiration is but dream interpretation. -Hans Sachs
Publilius Syrus~ Depend not on fortune but on conduct.
There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed. -Woodrow Wilson
Julia A. Fletcher Carney~ Little deeds of kindness little words of love help to make earth happy like the heaven above.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ Im not going to buy my kids an encyclopedia. Let them walk to school like I did.
American Proverb~ You have to kiss a lot of toads before you find a handsome prince.
Bill Vaughan~ Money wont buy happiness but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.
Paulo Freire~ Washing ones hands of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless means to side with the powerful not to be neutral.
Lester R Bittel~ Good plans shape good decisions. Thats why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true.
La Rochefoucauld~ How can we expect another to keep our secret if we cannot keep it ourself
The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. -John Ousterhout
Ruben Studdard~ You can be confident and secure and know that you do a good job at what you do. But you dont know to be arrogant about it.
Seneca~ Fire is the test of gold adversity of strong men.
Epictetus~ Only the educated are free.
George Washington~ Differences in political opinion are as unavoidable as to a certain point they may perhaps be necessary.
William Hazlitt~ The love of liberty is the love of others the love of power is the love of ourselves.
Thomas Dekker~ O what a heaven is love O what a hell
A conference is a gathering of important people who individually can't do anything but together can decide that nothing can be done.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ A child miseducated is a child lost.
I dress for women and I undress for men. - Angie Dickenson
Colette~ The true traveler is he who goes on foot and even then he sits down a lot of the time.
A friend in need is a friend to be avoided. -Lord Samuel
Chinese Proverb~ Keep your broken arm inside your sleeve.
Chinese Proverb~ A wise man makes his own decisions an ignorant man follows the public opinion.
e e cummings~ The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Publilius Syrus~ It is no profit to have learned well if you neglect to do well.
Edward Gibbon~ The laws of probability so true in general so fallacious in particular.
I am a poet and did not know it. I make a rhyme every time.
Walt Whitman~ Stranger if you passing meet me and desire to speak to me why should you not speak to me And why should I not speak to you
Travis Walton~ The truth of course is that a billion falsehoods told a billion times by a billion people are still false.
Anais Nin~ Age does not protect you from love. But love to some extent protects you from age.
Robert Frost~ The father is always a Republican toward his son and his mothers always a Democrat.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Consider the daffodil. And while youre doing that Ill be over here looking through your stuff.
Thomas Huxley~ Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Seneca~ The most onerous slavery is to be a slave to oneself.
Vincent McNabb~ Sometimes it is a great joy just to listen to someone we love talking.
Jane Wagner~ The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win youre still a rat.
Law, without force, is impotent. -Blaise Pascal
A hard beginning maketh a good ending. -John Heywood
Abraham Joshua Heschel~ Just to be is a blessing. Just to live is holy.
Vincent Van Gogh~ Paintings have a life of their own that derives from the painters soul.
Things do not have meaning. We assign meaning to everything. -Anthony Robbins
James Grover Thurber~ The difference between our decadence and the Russians is that while theirs is brutal ours is apathetic.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ Everyone is a genius at least once a year. The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together.
Joseph Addison~ Nothing is capable of being well set to music that is not nonsense.
The irony is that the person not taking risks feels the same amount of fear as the person who regularly takes risks. -Peter Mcwilliams
Virgil~ O tyrant love to what do you not drive the hearts of men.
Japanese Proverb~ We are no more than candles burning in the wind.
It is not what you gather but what you scatter that tells what kind of life you have lived.
Napolean Hill~ If you do not conquer self you will be conquered by self.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ The censure of those who are opposed to us is the highest commendation that can be given us.
August Strindberg~ Oh I have loved him too much to feel no hate for him.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Look and you will find it - what is unsought will go undetected. -Sophocles
People do not attract that which they want, but that which they are. -James Allen
Marie de Rabutin-Chantal~ We cannot destroy kindred Our chains stretch a little sometimes but they never break.
Edgar Algernon Robert Cecil~ Prudence which degenerates into timidity is very seldom the path to safety.
Jean Baptiste Rousseau~ Readiness of speech is often inability to hold the tongue.
Rabbi Abraham Heschel~ Just to be is a blessing. Just to live is holy.
What the caterpillar calls the end, the rest of the world calls a butterfly. -Lao Tzu
Thomas Sowell~ There are only two ways of telling the complete truth - anonymously and posthumously.
The only routine with me is no routine at all. (Jackie Kennedy)
George Santayana~ For an idea ever to be fashionable is ominous since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
If you don't want to do something, one excuse is as good as another. -Yiddish Proverb
Alvin Barkley~ The best audience is intelligent well-educated and a little drunk.
Gore Vidal~ Style is knowing who you are what you want to say and not giving a damn.
We often see further through a tear, than through a telescope.
This time like all times is a very good one if we but know what to do with it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Gilmore~ Happy The price is wrong bitch.
Maybe I'm lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction. (Ashleigh Brilliant)
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes. -Henry J. Kaiser
My advice is to look out for engineers. They begin with sewing machines and end up with nuclear bombs. - Marcel Pagnol
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. -George S. Patton
Rainer Maria Rilke~ The deepest experience of the creator is feminine for it is experience of receiving and bearing.
Clive James~ It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are.
Helen Hayes~ There is only one terminal dignity - love.
Greek Proverb~ Many men know how to flatter few men know how to praise.
Aeschylus~ Few men have the natural strength to honour a friends success without envy.
The soul's Rialto hath its merchandise, I barter for curl upon that mart. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. -Sir James Barrie
Richard Rosen~ Anything is possible but only a few things actually happen.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. (Abraham Lincoln)
Frank Crane~ You may be deceived if you trust too much but you will live in torment if you do not trust enough.
Dorothy Rothschild Parker~ Hells afloat in lovers tears.
Realize that there are not hopeless situations; there are only people who take hopeless attitudes. -Norman Vincent Peale
Oprah Winfrey~ All these years Ive been feeling like I was growing into myself. Finally I feel grown.
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
James Bond Tomorrow Never Dies~ The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ We know accurately only when we know little with knowledge doubt increases.
A good beginning makes a good end. -English Proverb
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Julius Henry Marx~ The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that youve got it made.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Where we love is home home that our feet may leave but not our hearts.
Johann von Goethe~ Certain flaws are necessary for the whole. It would seem strange if old friends lacked certain quirks.
Freedom is first of all a responsibility before the God from whom we come. -Alan Keyes
Abraham Lincoln~ You may deceive all the people part of the time and part of the people all the time but not all the people all the time.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ Keeping score of old scores and scars getting even and one-upping always makes you less than you are.
Pierre Corneille~ When we conquer without danger our triumph is without glory.
Marion Hammer~ A lot of children know absolutely nothing about guns other than what they see on T.V. and those are the wrong things.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet. -William Blake
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups parties nations and epochs it is the rule.
Jules Renard~ There are moments when everything goes well dont be frightened it wont last.
The way you see people is the way you treat them. And the way you treat them is what they become. (Johann W. Von Goeth)
John McEnroe~ The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose.
If you haven't the strength to impose your own terms upon life, you must accept the terms it offers you. -T. S. Eliot
Our vision is more obstructed by what we think we know than by our lack of knowledge. (Kristen Stendahl)
F Scott~ There was never a good biography of a good novelist. There couldnt be. He is too many people if hes any good.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ What is not fully understood is not possessed.
Jimi Hendrix~ Excuse me while I kiss the sky.
Delegating work works, provided the one delegating works, too. -Robert Half
Ambrose Bierce~ Quotation n The act of repeating erroneously the words of another.
The superior man is firm in the right way, and not merely firm. - Confucius
The truly important things in life - love, beauty, and one's own uniqueness - are constantly being overlooked. -Pablo Casals
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says...I'll try again tommorrow.
An angry person is seldom reasonable; a reasonable person is seldom angry.
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough. -John Christian Bovee
Mario M Cuomo~ I said I didnt want to run for president. I didnt ask you to believe me.
To accept a favor is to forfeit liberty. - Laber
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't. (Thomas Edison)
Thomas Jefferson~ If our house be on fire without inquiring whether it was fired from within or without we must try to extinguish it.
Arnold Bennett~ Any change even a change for the better is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
Johann von Goethe~ Rest not Life is sweeping by go and dare before you die. Something mighty and sublime leave behind to conquer time.
Jesse Louis Jackson~ We must not measure greatness from the mansion down but from the manger up.
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is. -Anonymous
Henry Drummond~ To get to heaven we must take it with us.
We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse. -Rudyard Kipling
The 8 Equities: Physical, Spiritual, Psychological, Intellectual, Emotional, Financial, Social and Family. -Michael Vance
D. H. Lawrence~ I want to live my life so that my nights are not full of regrets.
Mignon McLaughlin~ The head never rules the heart but just becomes its partner in crime.
Bede Jarrett~ The world needs anger. The world often continues to allow evil because it isnt angry enough.
Francis William Bourdillon~ Whenever you want to marry someone go have lunch with his ex-wife.
William Whewell~ Every failure is a step to success...
Napoleon Bonaparte~ History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
All words are pegs to hang ideas on. -Henry Ward Beecher
We want to have a testimony, but we don't want the test.
Gloria Shayne~ Goodbye cruel world.
Vince Lombardi~ In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets. -Nido Qubein
Oprah Winfrey~ Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Mae West~ I generally avoid temptation unless I cant resist it.
Humility is the only true wisdom by which we prepare our minds for all the possible changes of life. - George Arliss
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Children might or might not be a blessing but to create them and then fail them was surely damnation.
Charles Dickens~ There is a wisdom of the head and ... a wisdom of the heart.
Samuel Goldwyn~ I dont think anyone should write their autobiography until after theyre dead.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ In baseball you dont know nothing.
John Updike~ Dreams come true. Without that possibility nature would not incite us to have them.
Grace Murray Hopper~ A ship in port is safe but thats not what ships are built for.
Harry S Truman~ Most of the problems a President has to face have their roots in the past.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ Diversity the art of thinking independently together.
All power corrupts, but we need the electricity.
William Congreve~ Men are apt to offend (tis true) where they find most goodness to forgive.
G. Gordon Liddy~ Obviously crime pays or thered be no crime.
Get mad, then get over it. - Colin Powell
Nora Joyce to her husband James~ Why dont you write books people can read
Miguel de Cervantes~ Never look for birds of this year in the nests of the last.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ So of cheerfulness or a good temper the more it is spent the more it remains.
Charles Dickens~ The law is sic a ass - a idiot.
Rwandan Proverb~ You can outdistance that which is running after you but not what is running inside you.
Robert Millikan~ I conceive the essential task of religion to be to develop the consciences the ideals and the aspirations of mankind.
Prosperity belongs to those who learn new things the fastest. -Paul Zane Pilzer
Martin H. Fischer~ Knowledge is a process of piling up facts wisdom lies in their simplification.
Arthur Guiterman~ Active minds that think and study Like swift brooks are seldom muddy.
Colette~ I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
Willyoupleasehelpmefixmykeyboard?Thespacebarisbroken!
Jewish Proverb~ You cant force anyone to love you or lend you money.
Terence~ Charity begins at home.
What a lot we lost when we stopped writing letters. You can't reread a phone call. (Liz Carpenter)
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
It is a small world, but I wouldn't like to have to paint it.
Moses Ben Maimon Maimonides~ You must accept the truth from whatever source it comes.
Laughter is like changing a baby's diaper. It doesn't permanently solve any problems, but it makes thing more acceptable for awhile.
Carl Sandburg~ Our lives are like a candle in the wind.
Henry Ford~ Before everything else getting ready is the secret of success.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Truth is the summit of being justice is the application of it to affairs.
Chance favors only the prepared mind. -Louis Pasteur
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
Johann von Goethe~ First and last what is demanded of genius is love of truth.
Anna Lappe~ Hope doesnt come from calculating whether the good news is winning out over the bad. Its simply a choice to take action.
Of all the properties which belong to honorable men, not one is so highly prized as that of character. - Henry Clay
The easiest way to grow up is to surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.
H.L. Mencken~ All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.
One thing at a time, is my motto - and just play that thing for all it is worth, even if it's only two pair and a jack. -Mark Twain
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
Seneca~ Many things have fallen only to rise higher.
In every difficult situation is potential value. Believe this, then begin looking for it. -Norman Vincent Peale
Robert Anton Wilson~ It only takes years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea.
William Shakespeare~ I pray thee cease thy counsel Which falls into mine ears as profitless as water in a sieve.
Lillian Hellman~ Lonely people talking to each other can make each other lonelier.
Owners of digital watches: Your day's are numbered!
Oscar Wilde~ True friends stab you in the front.
The real secret to success is enthusiasm. -Walter Chrysler
If you have fear of those that command you, spare those that obey you. -Rabbi Ben Azai
Robert Hutchins~ ...The task is overwhelming and the chance is slight. We must take the chance or die.
Dieting is wishful shrinking.
Zulu Proverb~ Lomhlaba Unzima Lohmhlaba. This world is a harsh place this world.
Happiness is not something you experience, it's something you remember. -Oscar Levant
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Knowledge exists to be imparted.
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another. -Madonna
Money glitters, beauty sparkles, and intelligence shines.
Henry Ward Beecher~ What the heart has once owned and had it shall never lose.
Al Capp~ Abstract art is a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered.
People would worry less about what others think of them if they only realised how seldom they do.
One reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
Johann von Goethe~ Nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
Abraham Lincoln~ As I would not be a slave so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy.
It takes twenty years to become an overnight success. - Eddie Cantor
Dispatch is the soul of business, and nothing contributes more to Dispatch than Method. - Lord Chesterfield
Hesiod~ Observe due measure for right timing is in all things the most important factor.
William Shakespeare~ The hand that hath made you fair hath made you good.
Virgil~ Possunt quia posse videntur. (They can because they think they can from The Aeneid)
Do you know the three times that most people are in church? When they are hatched, matched and dispatched.
Roy G. Blount Jr.~ I prefer my oysters fried That way I know my oysters died.
Eleanor Marx~ By the time your life is finished you will have learned just enough to begin it well.
Kathleen Norris~ Disconnecting from change does not recapture the past. It loses the future.
Leadership is action, not position. -Donald H. McGannon
Fletcher Knebel~ Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Lisa Moriyama~ If a relationship is to evolve it must go through a series of endings.
Paul Valery~ Long years must pass before the truths we have made for ourselves become our very flesh.
Mother Theresa~ The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
Eugene Ionesco~ It is not the answer that enlightens but the question.
It looks easy, but It's not at all. - Cuong Doan
Maitri Upanishads~ Where there is joy there is creation. Where there is no joy there is no creation know the nature of joy.
John Gray~ The process of learning requires not only hearing and applying but also forgetting and then remembering again.
Vince Lombardi~ The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.
Napoleon~ History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
Joyce Maynard~ A good home must be made not bought.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything. -Zig Ziglar
Alan Bleasdale~ I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you you should stay home and have a good cry.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable.
There is no more beautiful life than that of a student. - F. Albrecht
Time you enjoyed wasting is not wasted time. -T. S. Elliot
Irish Proverb~ Praise youth and it will prosper.
Pythagorus~ Rest satisfied with doing well and leave others to talk of you as they please.
J. Paul Getty~ The meek shall inherit the Earth but not its mineral rights.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions. -Harold S. Geneen
Plato~ The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity the most important thing in life is to know when to forgo an advantage.
Frank Boyden~ If I take refuge in ambiguity I can assure you that its quite conscious.
Deciding not to choose is still making a choice.
Theodore Parker~ Magnificent promises are always to be suspected.
George Carlin~ Im not concerned about all hell breaking loose but that a PART of hell will break loose... itll be much harder to detect.
As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible but more mysterious. -Albert Schweitzer
Albert Camus~ It is the job of thinking people not to be on the side of the executioners.
You are indebted to you imagination for three-fourths of your importance. -David Garrick
Plutarch~ Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself.
Sarah Bernhardt~ Life engenders life. Energy creates energy. It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich.
Anon.~ There are two ways to write error-free programs. Only the third one works.
Anon.~ Optimization hinders evolution.
Edgar Bergen~ Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
Trey and Matt Stone Parker~ Saying goodbye doesnt mean anything. Its the time we spent together that matters not how we left it.
Have you got a problem? Do what you can where you are with what you've got. -Theodore Roosevelt
Norman Cousins~ Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job. -Roseanne Barr
Eddie Cantor~ He hasnt an enemy in the world - but all his friends hate him.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. -Seneca
Seneca~ Quemadmodum gladius neminem occidit occidentis telum est.
Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions. -Mark Twain
Father Andrew SDC~ The highest love of all finds its fulfillment not in what it keeps but in what it gives.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Practice yourself what you preach.
Wilson Mizner~ A good listener is not only popular everywhere but after a while he gets to know something.
Abraham Lincoln~ Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Seneca~ Where the speech is corrupted the mind is also.
Knowledge is proud she knows so much; wisdom is humble that she knows no more. (Cowper)
A man who lives in a glass house shouldn't throw stones.
Spotted on a desk: Of course I don't look busy ... I did it right the first time.
The people recognize themselves in their commodities; they find their soul in their automobile, hi-fi set, split-level home, kitchen equipment.
Douglas Adams~ Life... is like a grapefruit. Its orange and squishy and has a few pips in it and some folks have half a one for breakfast.
Peter Drucker~ Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Robert Hutchins~ The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives.
Art is everywhere, except it has to pass through a creative mind. -Louise Nevelson
Kin Hubbard~ Dont knock the weather nine-tenths of the people couldnt start a conversation if it didnt change once in a while.
Pythagorus~ Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few.
Scarlett OHara~ Tomorrow Ill think of some way . . . after all tomorrow is another day.
Max Lerner~ I am neither an optimist nor pessimist but a possibilist.
Hellen Keller~ Self-pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it we can never do anything good in the world.
Jerry Coleman~ Theyve taken the foot off Johnny Grubb. Uh theyve taken the shoe off Johnny Grubb.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ What a blessing it would be if we could open and shut our ears as easily as we open and shut our eyes
Greek Proverb~ It is easier to talk than to hold ones tongue.
Of all the properties which belong to honorable men, not one is so highly prized as that of character. -Henry Clary
Unknown~ Most everything in my brain someone else helped put there.
Buddha~ We are shaped by our thoughts. We become what we think.
Latvian Proverb~ A smiling face is half the meal.
Sydney Smith~ He not only overflowed with learning he stood in the slop.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way. -Wayne Dyer
Edward Morgan Forster~ Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
John Mason Brown~ She knows what is the best purpose of education not to be frightened by the best but to treat it as part of daily life.
Walter Kerr~ Half the world is composed of idiots the other half of people clever enough to take indecent advantage of them.
John C. Maxwell~ People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision.
Marilyn C. Barrick~ For the most part fear is nothing but an illusion. When you share it with someone else it tends to disappear.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Whoso would be a man must be a nonconformist.
M. C. Richards~ Poetry often enters through the window of irrelevance.
William Orville Douglas~ Solitude is the beginning of all freedom.
Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you. -Malcolm Cowley
Josh Billings~ Its not only the most difficult thing to know ones self but the most inconvenient.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
It is not how busy you are, but why you are busy- the bee is praised, the mosquito is swatted.
John Lancaster Spalding~ The highest courage is to dare to appear to be what one is.
Stanley Kubrick~ The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations like prostitutes.
Robert M. Hamilton~ A book of quotations . . . can never be complete.
Horace Bruns~ Friends are treasures.
The duty of helping one's self in the highest sense involves the helping of one's neighbors. -Samuel Smiles
Consumers are statistics. Customers are people. -Stanley Marcus
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you. -Rob Gilbert
Silver's law: If Murphy's law can go wrong it will.
Hammurabi~ If a man destroys the eye of another man they shall destroy his eye.
Ralph Kiner~ Kevin McReynolds stops at third and he scores.
William Feather~ Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
German proverb~ Whoever cares to learn will always find a teacher.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Forgive your enemies but never forget their names.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel~ Reason is the substance of the universe. The design of the world is absolutely rational.
Billie Burke~ Age is of no importance unless you are a cheese.
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk. -Meister Eckhart
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force. -Publilius Syrus
Unknown~ In absence of clearly defined goals we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
Success is a journey...not a destination. -Ben Sweetland
I don't think I can play any other way but all out. I enjoy the game so much because I'm putting so much into it. - George Brett
Garth Henrichs~ The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with their shirt sleeves.
In your life you will love someone so much you could eat them, then you will get married and wish you had.
Will Rogers~ Every man is ignorant - just on different subjects.
Charles de Montesquieu~ The love of democracy is that of equality.
Alighieri Dante~ Pride envy avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the souls of man.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Man is quite insane. He wouldnt know how to create a maggot and he creates Gods by the dozen.
Publilius Syrus~ Count not him among your friends who will retail your privacies to the world.
Thomas Pickering~ In archaeology you uncover the unknown. In diplomacy you cover the known.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton~ Beneath the rule of men entirely great The pen is mightier than the sword.
Times don't change. Men do. -Sam Levenson
Alcohol preserves everything but not dignity.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ A world without nuclear weapons would be less stable and more dangerous for all of us.
Samuel Butler~ Friendship is like money easier made than kept.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
Beat me with the truth, don't torture me with lies.
Lee Iacocca~ The trick is to make sure you dont die waiting for prosperity to come.
Never let anyone steal your joy. -Mike Richards
A rose can say I Love You. . . orchids can enthrall. . .but a weed bouquet in a chubby fist. . . OH MY that says it all!
Assyrian Proverb~ The hammer shatters glass but forges steel.
Chance never helps those who do not help themselves. -Sophocles
Life is so much simpler when you tell the truth.
Samuel Butler~ All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income.
Abraham J. Herschel~ Life is not meaningful to us unless serving an end beyond itself unless it is of value to someone else.
Keep your head and your heart in the right direction and you will not have to worry about your feet.
Laurence Sterne~ Solitude is the best nurse of wisdom.
Titus Livius~ Many difficulties which nature throws in our way may be smoothed away by the exercise of intelligence.
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding. - Mahatma Gandhi
Confucius~ Respect yourself and others will respect you.
Indian Proverb~ The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears.
If you can be well without health, you may be happy without virtue. -Edmund Burke
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. -Dwight Eisenhower
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time. -Mark Twain
Jennifer Tilly~ Dont point out your flaws because the world is not as sympathetic and nurturing as you think.
Theodore Roosevelt~ A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
French Proverb~ We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. -Theodore M. Hesburgh
Owen Felltham~ Meditation is the souls perspective glass.
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. -Aldous Huxley
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. -Goethe
Child Age ~ Ive learned that although its hard to admit it Im secretly glad my parents are strict.
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days. -Zig Ziglar
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ One great use of words is to hide our thoughts.
Louise Beal~ Love thy neighbour as yourself but choose your neighbourhood.
Everything comes to him that hustles while he waits. -Thomas Edison
Crow The~ Top Dollar Greed is for amateurs. Disorder chaos anarchy now thats fun
Niccolo Machiavelli~ God creates men but they choose each other.
Chinese Proverb~ After three days without reading talk becomes flavorless.
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
Communication by empathy is a talent that few possess.
What do Windows and a handgun have in common? Both are harmless while not loaded.
Germaine Greer~ Energy is the power that drives every human being. It is not lost by exertion by maintained by it.
Margaret Fuller~ Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
G. C. Lichtenberg~ I cannot say whether things will get better if we change what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ We do not know what we want and yet we are responsible for what we are - that is the fact.
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America. -James Joyce
Walter Lippmann~ It requires wisdom to understand wisdom the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
Alice Thomas Ellis~ There is no reciprocity. Men love women women love children children love hamsters.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. -Henry David Thoreau
Orlando A. Battista~ The greatest weakness of most humans is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while theyre alive.
Richard Dehmel~ A little kindness from person to person is better than a vast love for all humankind.
Big Ideas are so hard to recognize, so fragile, so easy to kill. Don't forget that, all of you who don't have them. (John Elliot, Jr.)
Do one thing at time, with supreme excellence. (NASA proverb)
Benjamin Franklin~ Search others for their virtues thyself for thy vices.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Truth is the secret of eloquence and of virtue the basis of moral authority it is the highest summit of art and life.
In a friend you find a second self. -Isabelle Norton
Calvin Coolidge~ Prosperity is only an instrument to be used not a deity to be worshipped.
Robert Frost~ The woods are lovely dark and deep.But I have promises to keepAnd miles to go before I sleepAnd miles to go before I sleep.
Sir Arthur Keith~ The course of human history is determined not by what happens in the skies but what takes place in our hearts.
Hannibal~ We will either find a way or make one
When a person wants to believe something, it doesn't take much to convince them.
Let us always greet each other with a smile for the smile is the beginning of love. -Mother Teresa
Virgil~ Forsan et haec olim meminisse iuvabit (Perhaps it will be pleasing sometime to have remembered these things from The Aeneid)
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
Native American~ The Great Spirit when He made earth never intended that it should be made merchandise.
Here is a test to find out whether your mission in life is complete. If you're alive, it isn't. -Richard Bach
Crime has already been organised. Now it's up to the police.
Edith Wharton~ Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity the dread of doing what has been done before.
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
Some succeed because they are destined to. But most succeed because they are determined to.
Georges Duhamel~ We do not know the true value of our moments until they have undergone the test of memory.
Cindy Lew~ Remember the greatest gift is not found in a store nor under a tree but in the hearts of true friends.
Smiley Blanton~ Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes extends and preserves. Its eternal goal is life.
Henry Fielding~ A newspaper consists of just the same number of words whether there be any news in it or not.
A mouse trap, placed on top of your alarm clock, will prevent you from rolling over and going back to sleep when you hit the snooze button.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
If I did not laugh, I should die. (Abraham Lincoln)
George Mikes~ Continental people have sex-lives the English have hot-water bottles.
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
Earl Wilson~ Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Benjamin Franklin~ There are three great friends an old wife an old dog and ready money.
Archibald Wavell~ No amount of study or learning will make a man a leader unless he has the natural qualities of one.
Joyce~ Listening not imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery.
Julian Jaynes~ Civilization is the art of living in towns of such size the everyone does not know everyone else.
Bede Jarrett~ The mysterious is always attractive. People will always follow a vail.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ A man is a little soul carrying around a courpse.
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims. -Buckminster Fuller
Red Buttons~ Hes a real loser. He moved into a new neighborhood and got run over by the Welcome Wagon.
Cicero~ As the old proverb says Like readily consorts with like.
George Bernard Shaw~ Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Dr. Seuss~ I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephants faithful one hundred percent.
To know just what has to be done, then to do it, comprises the whole philosophy of practical life. -Sir William Osler
Walt Whitman~ Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.
Edmund Burke~ The only infallible criterion of wisdom to vulgar minds - success.
Christopher Lasch~ Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few. -Pythagoras
The man who follows a crowd will never be followed by a crowd. -R. S. Donnell
Nellie Hershey Tullis~ The next best thing to winning is losing At least youve been in the race.
George Orwell~ Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility.
Lynn Johnston~ No matter how old you are theres always something good to look forward to.
Aristophenes~ A man may learn wisdom even from a foe.
Only your compassion and your loving kindness are invincible, and without limit. -Thich Nhat Hanh
William Shakespeare~ They say best men are moulded out of faults And for the most become much more the better For being a little bad.
Plato~ Wise men talk because they have something to say fools because they have to say something.
Ursula K. LeGuin~ Love doesnt just sit there like a stone it has to be made like bread remade all the time made new.
Promise yourself to be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own. -Christian Larson
Oscar Levant~ Behind the phony tinsel of Hollywood lies the real tinsel.
John Updike~ A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other peoples patience.
Ambrose Bierce~ To be positive To be mistaken at the top of ones voice.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. - Dr. Karl Menninger
A good plan is like a road map: it shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there. -H. Stanley Judd
Sophocles~ Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Robert Orben~ Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards.
Princess Elizabeth Asquith Bibesco~ Irony is the hygiene of the mind.
The cure for admiring the house of lords is to go and look at it. - Walter Bagehot
Pascal~ Human beings must be known to be loved but Divine beings must be loved to be known.
Andrew Schneider~ Sometimes the mind for reasons we dont necessarily understand just decides to go to the store for a quart of milk.
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity. -Walt Schmidt
William Ralph Inge~ The happiest people seem to be Those who have no particular cause for being happy Except that they are so.
Dr.~ Love is life. And if you miss love you miss life.
A single reason why you can do something is worth 100 reasons why you can't.
I feel that the greatest reward for going is the opportunity to do more. -Dr. Jonas Salk
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of the heart.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Sir Winston Churchill
Bob Newhart~ Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event deal with it and then move on.
Granni Nazzano~ My only hobby is laziness which naturally rules out all others.
There are no hopeless situations - only people who are hopeless about them. (Dinah Shore)
Alexis Carrel~ To what extent is any given man morally responsible for any given act We do not know.
William Langland~ There smites nothing so sharp nor smelleth so sour as shame.
Jim Rohn~ Words do two major things They provide food for the mind and create light for understanding and awareness.
Bob Stokes~ The world is proof that God is a committee.
Rita Rudner~ I was a vegetarian until I started leaning toward the sunlight.
Joe Moore~ Its hard to say who gets criticized the most the successful person or the failure but its mighty close.
Kahlil Gibran~ If you reveal your secrets to the wind you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
Dante Alighieri~ There is no greater sorrow Than to be mindful of the happy time In misery.
Paul Valery~ Politics is the art of preventing people from taking part in affairs which properly concern them.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Sometimes I think Id be better off dead. No wait. Not me you.
Fight for your opinions, but do not believe that they contain the whole truth, or the only truth. -Charles A. Dana
A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding. -Douglas MacArthur
Moliere~ The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Happiness is not a reward - it is consequence. Suffering is not a punishment - it is a result. -Robert Green Ingersoll
Self-trust is the essence of heroism. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
George Linley~ Thou art gone from my gaze like a beautiful dream And I seek thee in vain by the meadow and stream.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Success is not final failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.
Swordfish~ Stan Well you can take the girl outta the trailer park but you cant take the trailer park outta the girl.
Boe Lightman~ Nature loves a burst of energy.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ There are no eternal facts as there are no absolute truths.
Latin Proverb~ Never give a child a sword.
Ogden Nash~ Oh what a tangled web do parents weave When they think that their children are nave.
Marquis de Sade~ Sexual pleasure is I agree a passion to which all others are subordinate but in which they all unite.
Nobody is bored when he is trying to make something that is beautiful, or to discover something that is true. -William Inge
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has courage to lose sight of the shore.
The price of wisdom is eternal thought. - Frank Birch
Robert Joseph Bob Dole~ Well all be riding that streetcar of desire.
Horace~ Brevis esse laboro obscurus fio.(When I labor to be brief I become obscure.)
George Bernard Shaw~ Youth is a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children.
Johann von Goethe~ No one would talk much in society if he knew how often he misunderstood others.
Ovid~ Love will enter cloaked in friendships name.
Gloria Steinem~ A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Ryan
Mignon McLaughlin~ There are so many things that we wish we had done yesterday so few that we feel like doing today.
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
Man is a gaming animal. He must always be trying to get the better in something or other. ~ Charles Lamb
Unknown~ You only live once but if you live right once is enough.
Josh Billings~ Love looks through a telescope envy through a microscope.
Evangelism is selling a dream. -Guy Kawasaki
Hope is itself a species of happiness and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords. -Samuel Johnson
H. G. Mendelson~ Silence will not betray your thoughts but the expression on your face will. Humor has a hundred faces tragedy only a few.
Evenius~ The crowd gives the leader new strength.
Jorge Luis Borges~ To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.
Nikita Khrushchev~ Support by United States rulers is rather in the nature of the support that the rope gives to a hanged man.
Aristotle~ With regard to excellence it is not enough to know but we must try to have and use it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Frank Leahy~ Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.
Dan Quayle~ People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
Horace~ Once a word has been allowed to escape it cannot be recalled.
George C. Marshall~ When a thing is done its done. Dont look back. Look forward to your next objective.
It is OK to let your mind go blank, but please turn off the sound.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette~ I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
Creating success is tough but keeping it is tougher. -Pete Roseg
Donald Curtis~ We are what and where we are because we have first imagined it.
The Talmud~ Beware of too much laughter for it deadens the mind and produces oblivion.
Agatha Christie~ Curious things habits. People themselves never knew they had them.
Mark Twain~ Dont go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
Mary Pettibone Poole~ To repeat what others have said requires education to challenge it requires brains.
Ronald Reagan~ You can accomplish much if you dont care who gets the credit.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. -Samuel Beckett
Lao Tzu~ He who knows enough is enough will always have enough.
Henry David Thoreau~ There is no remedy for love but to love more.
William A. Orton~ If you keep your mind sufficiently open people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
Talk not of wasted affection; affection never was wasted. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Eric Hoffer~ You can never get enough of what you dont need to make you happy.
Celia Thaxter~ There shall be eternal summer in the grateful heart.
Sir Walter Besant~ Parentage is a very important profession but no test of fitness for it is ever imposed in the interest of the children.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ We made too many wrong mistakes.
Oscar Wilde~ It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.
Chinese Proverb~ There is many a good man to be found under a shabby hat.
You make a living by what you get, but you make a life by what you give. -Unknown Author
Pretty much all the honest truth telling there is in the world is done by children. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
This time like all times is a very good one if we but know what to do with it -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not what they say about you, it's what they whisper.
Italian Proverb~ It is not enough to aim you must hit.
John Ernst Steinbeck~ Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
To err is human, to blame it on someone else is more human.
B. F. Skinner~ The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ N.B. Fear itself. See also H. D. Thoreau.
Louis Pasteur~ Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
A. J. Muste~ There is no way to peace peace is the way.
Pat Hall~ Get the best out of your body that you can get.
I have just about all I can take of myself. - S. Behrman
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ It is the test of a good religion whether you can joke about it.
Live with passion. -Anthony Robbins
John Allston~ The only thing you take with you when youre gone is what you leave behind.
Nothing is easy to the unwilling. -Thomas Fuller
Samuel Butler~ Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
La Bruyere~ Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present - which seldom happens to us.
People with true character show it when nobody else is present.
Simonides~ Not even the gods fight against necessity.
There are some days I practice positive thinking. And other days I'm not positive, I am thinking.
Titus Livius~ We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them.
I have learned that the Lord didn't do it all in one day. What makes me think I can?
The good man is the man who, no matter how morally unworthy he has been, is moving to become better. -John Dewey
La Rochefoucauld~ There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists or simulate it where it does not.
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality. -Emily Dickinson
William Arthur Ward~ Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesnt always have to be their top priority.
La Rochefoucauld~ It is the habit of mediocre minds to condemn all that is beyond their grasp.
Vincent Van Gogh~ I wish they would only take me as I am.
William Shakespeare~ He is winding the watch of his wit by and by it will strike.
Michel de Montaigne~ He who is not very strong in memory should not meddle with lying.
Jean de La Fontaine~ Better to rely on one powerful king than on many little princes.
Irving Kristol~ People need religion. Its a vehicle for a moral tradition. A crucial role. Nothing can take its place.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ You can only find truth with logic if you have already found it without it.
Woody Allen~ I tended to place my wife under a pedestal.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
The beginning of anxiety is the end of faith. The beginning of true faith is the end of anxiety.
Cullen Hightower~ Saying what we think gives us a wider conversational range than saying what we know.
Phyllis Theroux~ To send a letter is a good way to go somewhere without moving anything but your heart.
Yogi Berra~ Its deja vu all over again
Elizabeth Barrett Browning~ He said true things but called them by wrong names.
Albert Schweitzer~ The African is my brother-but he is my younger brother by several centuries.
Themistocles~ I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
Leo Tolstoy~ Happy families are all alike every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
The Promised Land always lies on the other side of a Wilderness. -Havelock Ellis
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. - Judy Garland
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightening and the lightening bug. -Mark Twain
H. G. Wells~ Crude classifications and false generalizations are the curse of the organized life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The truth the hope of any time must always be sought in minorities.
If all else fails, read the directions.
Habit is a cable; we spin a thread of it every day and at last we can not break it.
Albert Einstein~ If a cluttered desk signs a cluttered mind of what then is an empty desk a sign
Lyman Beecher~ Never chase a lie. Let it alone and it will run itself to death.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The unnatural that too is natural.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ The lowest ebb is the turn of the tide.
Ken Keys~ A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror.
English Proverb~ We are usually the best men when in the worst health.
Leo Tolstoy~ Art is not a handicraft it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
Anon.~ Pascal keeps your hand tied. C gives you enough rope to hang yourself.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.
Toni Cade Bambara~ Take away the miseries and you take away some folks reason for living.
Maurice Barrs~ The politician is an acrobat he keeps his balance by doing the opposite of what he says.
X X-Men United~ Pyro You know all those dangerous mutants you hear about in the news - Im the worst one.
You're in middle age when you realize you have more on your mind and less on your head.
Assyrian Proverb~ Love and eggs are best when they are fresh.
The art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right time but to leave the wrong thing unsaid at the most tempting moment
Chinese Proverb~ Listen to all plucking a feather from every passing goose but follow no one absolutely.
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time. -Marcel Proust
Thomas Paine~ Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
Benjamin Franklin~ Many complain of their memory few of their judgment.
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out. -Lady Blessington
Hellen Keller~ As the eagle was killed by the arrow winged with his own feather so the hand of the world is wounded by its own skill.
Sir Alec Issigonis~ A camel is a horse designed by committee.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. -Douglas Macarthur
Earl Warren~ Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for.
John Herschel~ Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue.
A perfect guest is one who makes his host feel at home.
Thomas Alva Edison~ We dont know a millionth of one percent about anything.
Miguel de Cervantes~ The pot calls the kettle black.
Unknown~ Yesterdays failures are todays seeds That must be diligently planted to be able to abundantly harvest Tomorrows success.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Chinese Proverb
Richard Feynman~ Physicists like to think that all you have to do is say these are the conditions now what happens next
Sign on restaurant window: Great food (50,000 flies can't be wrong)
Trust enables you to put your deepest feelings and fears in the palm of your partner?s hand, knowing they will be handled with care.
Vartan Gregorian~ The book is here to stay. What were doing is symbolic of the peaceful coexistence of the book and the computer.
Plutarch~ No beast is more savage than man when possessed with power answerable to his rage.
Thomas Fuller~ Let not thy will roar when thy power can but whisper.
George Eliot~ The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another.
Voltaire~ The secret of being a bore is to tell everything.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think. -Benjamin Disraeli
Ogden Nash~ People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up.
Jeanne-Marie Roland~ O Liberty Liberty how many crimes are committed in thy name
Unknown~ Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers.
Kurt Lewin~ If you want truly to understand something try to change it.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted. -Denis Waitley
Gore Vidal~ Never have children only grandchildren.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means. -Albert Einstein
When speaking to your children: say what you mean, mean what you say, but don't be mean when you say it.
The Laws of Manu~ Depend not on another but lean instead on thyself...True happiness is born of self-reliance.
Michel de Montaigne~ The art of dining well is no slight art the pleasure not a slight pleasure.
William Blake~ Always be ready to speak your mind and a base man will avoid you.
Every vice has its excuse ready. -Publilius Syrus
Unknown~ Accident n. A condition in which presence of mind is good but absence of body is better.
William Blake~ Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained.
Willa Sibert Cather~ The history of every country begins in the heart of a man or woman.
Although gold dust is precious, when it gets in your eyes it obstructs your vision. -Hsi-tang
Marlene Dietrich~ In America sex is an obsession in other parts of the world it is a fact.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. (Elbert Hubbard)
Most of life is choices, and the rest is pure dumb luck. -Marian Erickson
Man becomes a slave to his constantly repeated acts. What he at first chooses, at last compels. -Orison Swett Marden
Take off the blinders. You have to see opportunity before you can seize it. -Greg Hickman
The miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water; but to walk on the earth. -Chinese Proverb
Jean Paul Richter~ Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good try to use ordinary situations.
Socrates~ Virtue does not come from wealth but. . . wealth and every other good thing which men have. . . comes from virtue.
Benjamin Franklin~ Use no hurtful deceit think innocently and justly and if you speak speak accordingly.
We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over. -Aneurin Bevan
Thomas Carlyle~ Happy the people whose annals are blank in the history books
Deeds, not stones, are the true monuments of the great. -John L. Motley
Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last. -Hamilton Holt
Christina Baldwin~ Journal writing is a voyage to the interior.
Terence~ I am a man and whatever concerns humanity is of interest to me.
Oscar Wilde~ I love acting. It is so much more real than life.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ I have nothing to offer but blood toil tears and sweat.
Seneca~ It is a denial of justice not to stretch out a helping hand to the fallen that is the common right of humanity.
When we learn all the answers, they change the questions.
Most books now say our sun is a star. But it still knows how to change back into a sun in the daytime.
Your brain is that bodily organ which starts working the moment you awake and does not stop until you get into the office.
Napolean Hill~ What the mind of man can conceive and believe It can achieve.
The only new thing in this world, is the history you did not know. (Harry Truman)
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
War never decides who is right, only who is left.
Sigmund Freud~ The more the fruits of knowledge become accessible to men the more widespread is the decline of religious belief.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. -Les Brown
Eric Pio~ A true artist doesnt change with the times. A true artist is already way ahead of the times.
Terence~ There is a demand in these days for men who can make wrong appear right.
You can't do anything, if you believe you can't.
I am a part of all that I have seen. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
There's nothing like a Catholic wedding to make you wish life had a fast forward button. - Daniel Chopin
Do you know what happens when you give a procrastinator a good idea? Nothing! -Donald Gardner
Atlantic Starr~ This fairy tale were living is real inside our hearts.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend. -John Leonard
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The irrationality of a thing is no argument against its existence rather a condition of it.
Gore Vidal~ A good deed never goes unpunished.
George Washington~ Be courteous to all but intimate with few and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe. - Florence Nightingale
Charles De Gaulle~ I have against me the bourgeois the military and the diplomats and for me only the people who take the Mtro.
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies. -Arthur Calwell
Thomas Szasz~ The stupid neither forgive nor forget the naive forgive and forget the wise forgive but do not forget.
Sextus Propertius~ Afflicted by loves madness all are blind.
We'd never know how high we are till we are called to rise; and then, if we are true to plan, our statures touch the sky. -Emily Dickinson
Stella Terrill Mann~ Listening is a form of accepting.
Don't ask what your community can do for you. Ask what you can do for your community. (Steve Andres)
Live so that when your children think of fairness and integrity, they think of you. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
If a church wants a better pastor, it can get one by praying for the one it has. (Rev. Robert E. Harris)
Socrates~ True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. And in knowing that you know nothing that makes you the smartest of all.
George Eliot~ One must be poor to know the luxury of giving.
Vicomte de Chateaubriand~ You are not superior just because you see the world in an odious light.
Jonathan Swift~ Some people take more care to hide their wisdom than their folly.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. -Jack London
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. -Og Mandingo
The manager administers; the leader innovates. -Warren Bennis
Anon.~ The time to stop talking is when the other person nods his head affirmatively but says nothing.
Success is never permanent, and failure is never final. -Mike Ditka
Johann von Goethe~ When ideas fail words come in very handy.
Mahatma Gandhi~ Whatever you do will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it.
Gloria Allred~ The more I know about men the more I like dogs.
No man is too big to be kind...but many men are too little. (Matt Maguire)
Ray Douglas Bradbury~ Thats the good part of dying when youve nothing to lose you run any risk you want.
James Thurber~ Early to rise and early to bed makes a male healthy and wealthy and dead.
Gaius Julius Caesar~ Veni vidi vici. (I came I saw I conquered.)
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. -Martin Luther, German Theologian
Elizabeth Taylor~ It is very strange that the years teach us patience - that the shorter our time the greater our capacity for waiting.
The obstacles you face are... mental barriers which can be broken by adopting a more positive approach. -Clarence Blasier
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother. -Kahlil Gibran
Love until it hurts. Real love is always painful and hurts; then it is real and pure. -Mother Teresa
Leonard Nimoy~ The miracle is this - the more we share the more we have.
H. G. Wells~ Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
Seeing is believing, but the feeling is the truth. -Thomas Fuller
Henry David Thoreau~ If you would convince a man that he does wrong do right. Men will believe what they see.
Lazarus Long~ invested at interest for years will become at which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
David Ashley Brewer~ All of lifes great lessons present themselves again and again until mastered.
Lenny Bruce~ Communism is like one big phone company.
Susan Glasee~ I cant think of any sorrow in the world that a hot bath wouldnt help just a little bit.
People who are often in a hurry imagine they are energetic, when in most cases they are simply inefficient. (Sydney J. Harris)
Joe Moore~ If you want to make certain a job gets done give it to somebody who is really busy. Theyll have their secretary do it.
Samuel Butler~ Life is not an exact science it is an art.
My wife met me at the door the other night in a sexy negligee. Unfortunately, she was just coming home. -Rodney Dangerfield
J. R. R. Tolkien~ Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
Lawrence Sterne~ To have respect for ourselves guides our morals and to have a deference for others governs our manners.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Our destiny rules over us even when we are not yet aware of it it is the future that makes laws for us today.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. -Mark Twain
The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious of the rose. -Kahlil Gibran
Oscar Wilde~ Ones real life is often the life that one does not lead.
Ancient Proverb~ Good habits result from resisting temptation.
Karl Marx's Mother: If Karl, instead of writing a lot about capital, had made a lot of it ... it would have been much better.
Pearl Buck~ At my age the bones are water in the morning until food is given them.
He who is filled with love is filled with God himself. -Saint Augustine
Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly until you learn to do it well. -Steve Brown
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are. -Arnold H. Glasgow
James Arthur Baldwin~ No one can possibly know what is about to happen it is happening each time for the first time for the only time.
Ron Dart~ The objective of false prophets and teachers of whatever stripe is...the influence and control of the minds of men.
John Andrew Holmes~ There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
Heinrich Gotthard von Treitschke~ Millions must plough and forge and dig in order that a few thousand may write and paint and study.
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ Make decisions from the strong part of you not the weak.
Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus
Unknown~ As long as Im faced in the right direction It does not matter the size of my steps.
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. -Williams James
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The miserable have no other medicine But only hope.
Sophocles~ The good befriend themselves.
Sonia Kovevsky~ Say what you know do what you must come what may.
Brad Hull~ Im not dumb enough to be a goalie.
Kwan-Tzu~ If you give a man a fish he will have a single meal. If you teach him how to fish he will eat all his life.
Glen Drake~ The world has forgotten in its concern with Left and Right that there is an Above and Below.
Amelia Earhart~ Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment. -Thomas Carlyle
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. (John D. Rockefeller Jr.)
Curt Simmons~ Throwing a fastball to Henry Aaron is like trying to sneak the sun past a rooster.
George Gordon Byron~ Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure men love in haste but they detest at leisure.
Tom Hirshfield~ If you dont ask why this often enough somebody will ask why you
Walker Percy~ To become aware of the possiblity of the search is to be onto something.
Better to bend than to break. (Indian proverb)
All great achievements require time. -David J. Schwartz
Moments of kindness and reconciliation are worth having, even if the parting has to come sooner or later. -Alice Munro
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing from something. ~ Wilson Mizner
Aristotle~ It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. -Napoleon
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar. - Lao-tzu
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A man is related to all nature.
Polish Proverb~ A guest sees more in an hour than the host in a year.
Niccolo Machiavelli~ If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared.
You can't make someone else's choices. You shouldn't let someone else make yours. (Colin Powell)
Euripides~ A sweet thing for whatever time to revisit in dreams the dear dad we have lost.
Dave Storer~ Dont get suckered in by the comments ... they can terribly be misleading.
Swedenborg~ Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
George Steiner~ It is not the literal past that rules us save possibly in a biological sense. It is images of the past.
Howard Aiken~ Dont worry about people stealing an idea. If its original you will have to ram it down their throats.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools. - John Dryden
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow. -Swedish proverb
Due to financial difficulties the light at the end of the tunnel has temporarily been switched off.
Johann Christian Friedrich von Schiller~ A merely fallen enemy may rise again but the reconciled one is truly vanquished.
If we don't control our money, it will control us.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be. -Thomas Jefferson
Herman Wouk~ Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today.
George Bernard Shaw~ Im not a teacher only a fellow-traveller of whom you asked the way. I pointed ahead-ahead of myself as well as you.
Dame Rose Macaulay~ He felt about books as doctors feel about medicines or managers about plays - cynical but hopeful.
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players. -Blaine Lee
Beauty is desired in order that it may be befouled; not for its own sake, but for the joy brought by the certainty of profaning it. - Georges Bataille
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome. -William James
Why? Why Not? Why Not You? Why Not Now? -Aslan
Marshall McLuhan~ I dont necessarily agree with everything I say.
You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down. (Mary Pickford)
Alighieri Dante~ Heat cannot be separated from fire or beauty from The Eternal.
Even in the bleakest times, there are gifts to be discovered. - Jann Mitchell
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Organized crime constitutes nothing less than a guerilla war against society.
Oscar Wilde~ The advantage of the emotions is that they lead us astray and the advantage of science is that it is not emotional.
Anger opens the mouth and shuts the mind.
Slovenian Proverb~ Speak the truth but leave immediately after.
I love you 2 day, I love you 2 morrow, I love you 4 ever.
Just remember, when you should grab something, grab it; when you should let go, let go. -Tao Saying
Benjamin Franklin~ I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Aristotle Onassis~ The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
A child will not spill on a dirty floor.
Francis Thompson~ In attempts to improve your character know what is in your power and what is beyond it.
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard
The definition of a recession is when your neighbor loses his job. A depression is when you loose yours. (US President Truman)
Agatha Christie~ If one sticks too rigidly to ones principles one would hardly see anybody.
Sallust~ They envy the distinction I have won let them therefore envy my toils my honesty and the methods by which I gained it.
Be bold, be bold, and everywhere be bold. -Herbert Spencer
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future. -Euripides
Roosevelt Eleanor~ No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
John F. Kennedy~ We must never forget that art is not a form of propaganda it is a form of truth.
Juvenal~ Fortune can for her pleasure fools advance And toss them on the wheels of Chance.
Hellen Keller~ Smell is a potent wizard that transports you across thousand of miles and all the years you have lived.
Don't let the negativity given to you by the world disempower you. Instead give to yourself that which empowers you. -Les Brown
Anne Sexton~ Oh darling let your body in let it tie you in in comfort.
Unknown~ Live like you can look any man in the eye and tell him to go to hell.
Education is not a preparation for life; education is life itself. - John Dewey
Anne-Sophie Swetchine~ To love deeply in one direction makes us more loving in all others.
Raymond Chandler~ At least half the mystery novels published violate the law that the solution once revealed must seem to be inevitable.
P Barnum~ Money is in some respects lifes fire it is a very excellent servant but a terrible master.
Sir Walter Scott~ Oh what a tangled web we weave When first we practice to deceive
Enjoy the journey, enjoy ever moment, and quit worrying about winning and losing. -Matt Biondi
Agathon~ Even God cannot change the past.
Julius Henry Marx~ Well I thought my razor was dull until I heard his speech.
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you: you must acquire it. -Sudie Back
Silence is golden but shouting is fun.
Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great. -Fernando Flores
Manilius~ When we are born we die our end is but the pendant of our beginning.
The optimist says, "My cup runneth over, what a blessing." The pessimist says, "My cup runneth over, what a mess."
Ideas attract money, time, talents, skills, energy and other complementary ideas that will bring them into reality. -Mark Victor Hansen
William Shakespeare~ While thou livest keep a good tongue in thy head.
Vera Brittaiin~ Politics are usually the executive expression of human immaturity.
Charles Dickens~ A merry Christmas to everybody A happy New Year to all the world
Michael Masser~ Learning to love yourself is the greatest love of all.
You don't become a missionary by crossing the sea but by seeing the cross.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason so few engage in it. (Henry Ford)
Don't be content with being average. Average is as close to the bottom as it is to the top. -Unknown Author
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ If I have lost confidence in myself I have the universe against me.
George Bernard Shaw~ As long as I have a want I have a reason for living. Satisfaction is death.
Mary Day Winn~ Sex is the tabasco sauce which an adolescent national palate sprinkles on every course in the menu.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love. - Sting
Lori Hard~ Do not fear to step into the unknown For where there is risk there is also reward.
George Bernard Shaw~ My way of joking is to tell the truth. It is the funniest joke in the world.
Jean Toomer~ We learn the rope of life by untying its knots.
William Shakespeare~ Although the last not least.
There is no substitute for victory. -Douglas MacArthur
Mark Twain~ I dont like to commit myself about heaven and hell you see I have friends in both places.
Marcus Valerius Martialis~ Conceal a flaw and the world will imagine the worst.
Erica Jong~ Love is everything its cracked up to beIt really is worth fighting for being brave for risking everything for.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Simone Weil~ Evil when we are in its power is not felt as evil but as a necessity or even a duty.
Tryon Edwards~ He that never changes his opinions never corrects his mistakes will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
It is well to think well; it is divine to act well. -Horace Mann
Chance favors the prepared mind. -Louis Pasteur
Others may argue your beliefs, but they can't refuse your love.
The goal of education is to replace an empty mind with an open mind. -Malcolm Forbes
Thomas Peters~ The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Do everything with so much love in your heart that you would never want to do it any other way. -Yogi Desai
Refusing to have an opinion is a way of having one.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Spare your breath to cool your porridge.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ To philosophize is nothing else than to prepare oneself for death.
Pablo Neruda~ Es tan corto el amor y tan largo el olvido.
Swedish Proverb~ Shared joy is double joy. Shared sorrow is half sorrow.
William Hazlitt~ Man is a make-believe animal - he is never so truly himself as when he is acting a part.
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin. -Grace Hansen
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. (Harry Truman)
Mark Twain~ Loyalty to petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul.
Julia Child~ You dont have to cook fancy or complicated masterpieces - just good food from fresh ingredients.
There are 10 types of people in the country, those who understand binary and those who don't.
Alfred Victor Vigny~ Fainthearted animals move about in herds. The lion walks alone in the desert. Let the poet always walk thus.
The Lottery is a tax on people who are bad at math.
Don Herold~ The brighter you are the more you have to learn.
George Meredith~ But O the truth the truth. The many eyes That look on it The diverse things they see.
Bill Keane~ Yesterdays the past and tomorrows the future. Today is a gift - which is why they call it the present.
Benjamin Franklin~ Wealth is not his that has it but his who enjoys it.
Taisen Deshimaru~ To receive everything one must open ones hands and give.
Edmund Burke~ We must not always judge of the generality of the opinion by the noise of the acclamation.
August Strindberg~ I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who havent got the guts to bite people themselves.
Rita Rudner~ My mother buried three husbands and two of them were just napping.
Jonathan Winters~ Nothing is impossible. Some things are just less likely than others.
What sees a blind man when he's dreaming?
You can never plan the future by the past. -Edmund Burke
William O. Douglas~ The way to combat noxious ideas is with other ideas. The way to combat falsehoods is with truth.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other. -Anthony Robbins
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ He who has injured thee was stronger or weaker than thee. If weaker spare him if stronger spare thyself.
William Blake~ The man who never alters his opinions is like standing water and breeds reptiles of the mind.
Maxim Gorky~ One has to be able to count if only so that at fifty one doesnt marry a girl of twenty.
Joyce~ Trust your hunches. Theyre usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Aeschylus~ There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
Gertrude Stein~ Everybody knows if you are too careful you are so occupied in being careful that you are sure to stumble over something.
The people and circumstances around me do not make me what I am, they reveal who I am. -Dr. Laura Schlessinger
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for your country.
Ingenuity, plus courage, plus work, equals miracles. -Bob Richards
H.L. Mencken~ Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under.
The only thing you will take through those pearly gates is what you have given away. -Marcia Moore
Arbie M. Dale~ To decide to be at the level of choice is to take responsibility for your life and to be in control of your life.
Dolores Huerta~ If you havent forgiven yourself something how can you forgive others
W. H. Auden~ We are here on Earth to do good to others. What the others are here for I dont know.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ No families take so little medicine as those of doctors except those of apothecaries.
Abraham Lincoln~ If I had eight hours to chop down a tree Id spend six sharpening my axe.
Albert Einstein~ I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
Peter Ustinov~ If the world should blow itself up the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it cant be done.
You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards
Epictetus~ We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and bring joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination. -Voltaire
W. T. Ellis~ It is Christmas in the heart that puts Christmas in the air.
John Owen~ Unless men see a beauty and delight in the worship of God they will not do it willingly.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ If you gaze long into an abyss the abyss will gaze back into you.
Aristotle~ Young people are in a condition like permanent intoxication because youth is sweet and they are growing.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ A true friend is the greatest of all blessings and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
Truth needs no flower of speech.
Henry David Thoreau~ The lawyers truth is not Truth but consistency or a consistent expediency.
Robert Sheckley~ Nothing got him angrier than when people implied he was paranoid. It made him feel persecuted.
William Shakespeare~ I have heard of your paintings too well enough God has given you one face and you make yourselves another.
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us. -Parks Cousins
Heraclitus~ A mans character is his fate.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict. -William Ellery Channing
Paul Sweeney~ True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.
Plant a seed of friendship; reap a bouquet of happiness. -Lois L. Kaufman
Winter nights were made for warm snuggles and warmer hearts. - Anonymous
Elizabeth Janeway~ I have a problem about being nearly sixty I keep waking up in the morning and thinking Im thirty-one.
Erica Jong~ Advice is what you ask for when you already know the answer but wish you didnt.
If crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight?
Addison Mizner~ Misery loves company but company does not reciprocate.
Persian Proverb~ Epigrams succeed where epics fail.
Unknown~ Formal education will earn you a living self-education make you a fortune.
Some people grow under responsibility, others merely swell. -Hubbell
Carve your name in hearts, not marble. - Ben Franklin
Groucho Marx~ Go and never darken my towels again.
Thomas a Kempis~ And when he is out of sight quickly also is he out of mind.
John Dryden~ Death in itself is nothing but we fear To be we know not what we know not where.
We need no wings to go in search of Him, but have only to find a place where we can be alone. (St Teresa of Avila)
James Broughton~ The only limits are as always those of vision.
George Santayana~ An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
He, who has health, has hope; and he who has hope has everything. -Arabian Proverb
Happiness is not something you have in your hands; it is something you carry in you heart.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ If I am not worth the wooing I am surely not worth the winning.
Luck is a loser's excuse for a winner's position!
A. H. Weiler~ Nothing is impossible for the man who doesnt have to do it himself.
Those who do not plan for the future have to live through it anyway.
Your goal should be out of reach but not out of sight. -Anita Defrantz
Yiddish Proverb~ If you want your dreams to come true dont sleep.
Sir Walter Besant~ A man of great common sense and good taste meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
J. M. Linsner~ Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs at you.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ If a man knows not what harbour he seeks any wind is the right wind.
Business is a lot like a game of tennis  those who serve well usually end up winning - Anonymous
Keep your face towards the sunshine and the shadows will fall behind you. - Unknown
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Love is blind friendship closes its eyes.
Benjamin Franklin~ But in this world nothing can be said to be certain except death and taxes.
Sicilian Proverb~ Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. (Helen Keller)
You learn to put your emotional luggage where it will do some good, instead of using it to shit on other people, or blow up aeroplanes.
Stanislaw Lec~ All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often.
Life's most urgent question is: What are you doing for others? -Martin Luther King, Jr.
The path to cheerfulness is to sit cheerfully and to act and speak as if cheerfulness were already there. -William James
Libby Houston~ Weve removed the ceiling above our dreams. There are no more impossible dreams.
John Newton~ How sweet the name of Jesus sounds In a believers ear It soothes his sorrow heals his wounds And drives away his fears.
Even though you know a thousand things, ask the man who knows one. - Turkish Proverb
Michael Sun~ I am open to receive with every breath I breathe.
Albert Einstein~ I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
Bill Watterson~ My life needs a rewinderase button. - Calvin
Ring Lardner~ Are you lost daddy I asked tenderly. Shut up he explained.
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my grandfather did - in his sleep. Not screaming like the passengers in his car.
Unknown~ A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top .
Josh Billings~ As scarce as truth is the supply has always been in excess of the demand.
Margo Kaufman~ The only thing worse than a man you cant control is a man you can.
George Seaton Bowes~ The heart that is to be filled to the brim with holy joy must be held still.
Bernard Grasset~ The chimerical pursuit of perfection is always linked to some important deficiency frequently the inability to love.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Teresa
Anon.~ Enter any -digit prime number to continue...
I don't think of all the misery, but of all the beauty that still remains. (Anne Frank)
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction.
Kahlil Gibran~ If my survival caused another to perish then death would be sweeter and more beloved.
Jalal ud-Din Rumi~ Come out of the circle of time And into the circle of love.
If God didn't forgive Heaven would be empty.
There is nothing more requisite in business than dispatch. - Joseph Addison
Benjamin Disraeli~ The wisdom of the wise and the experience of ages may be preserved by quotation.
Some goals are so worthy, it's glorious even to fail.
When it is a question of God's almighty Spirit, never say, "I can't.". - Oswald Chambers
William J. Broad~ The crux... is that the vast majority of the mass of the universe seems to be missing.
Aristotle~ What we have to learn to do we learn by doing.
John Dryden~ Look around the habitable world how few Know their own good or knowing it pursue.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ The superfluous is very necessary.
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things. -Benjamin Mays
Aesop~ Self-conceit may lead to self-destruction.
Johann von Goethe~ He is happiest be he king or peasant who finds peace in his home.
Jared Sparks~ When you talk you repeat what you already know when you listen you often learn something.
To forgive calls upon our love - to forget calls upon our strength.
Henrik Ibsen~ The great secret of power is never to will to do more than you can accomplish.
Making enemies out of friends is easy. Making friends out of enemies is difficult, but it is actually worthwhile.
Anon.~ Learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow.
Alcaeus~ One that hath wine as a chain about his wits such a one lives no life at all.
Alexis Carrel~ In man the things which are not measurable are more important than those which are measurable.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ No Sane man will dance.
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought. (Dennis Roch)
Thich Nhat Hanh~ The true miracle is not walking on water or walking in air but simply walking on this earth.
Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin~ You can build a throne with bayonets but you cant sit on it for long.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ In music the passions enjoy themselves.
One must learn by doing the thing. For though you think you know it, you have no certainly until you try. -Sophocles
Chinese Proverb~ Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
If you can solve your problem, then what is the need of worrying? If you cannot solve it, then what is the use of worrying? (Shantideva)
Chief Joseph~ Hear me my chiefs I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands I will fight no more forever.
I Ching~ Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change. -Bertrand Russell
Erma Bombeck~ Parenting is a negative thing. Keep your children from killing themselves or anyone else and hope for the best.
Business was his aversion; Pleasure was his business. - Maria Edgeworth
Terri Gulick~ If its meant to be its up to me.
Benjamin Franklin~ Keep thy eyes wide open before marriage and half-shut afterwards.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ You can observe a lot just by watching.
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling. -Paula Poundstone
Gene Fowler~ Writing is easy. All you do is stare at a blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
Ogden Nash~ If you dont want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you wont have to work.
Lord Byron~ Oh too convincing - dangerously dear - In womans eye the unanswerable tear
Charles Robert Darwin~ A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
This business will never hold water. - Colley Cibber
Norman Cousins~ History is a vast early warning system.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ All life is an experiment.
William Shakespeare~ Speak to me as to thy thinkings As thou dost ruminate and give thy worst of thoughts The worst of words.
Dan Fielding~ Oh come on. If you cant laugh at the walking dead who can you laugh at
But every thyng which schyneth as the gold, Nis nat gold, as that I have herd it told. - Geoffrey Chaucer
Seneca~ To be feared is to fear no one has been able to strike terror into others and at the same time enjoy peace of mind.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ There are truths which are not for all men nor for all times.
The greatest things are accomplished by individual people, not by committees or companies. -Alfred A. Montapert
Henry Miller~ Ones destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.
Ideas are funny little things, they won't work unless you do.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible. Were not giving up. Were waiting for a better opportunity to win.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Cicero~ Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
Barbara Walters~ To feel valued to know even if only once in a while that you can do a job well is an absolutely marvelous feeling.
Nancy Reagan~ I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
When we die we leave behind us all that we have and take with us all that we are.
Chance corrects us of many faults that reason would not know how to correct. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art. -Kahlil Gibran
Homer~ A small rock holds back a great wave.
Alfred Hitchcock~ Television has done much for psychiatry by spreading information about it as well as contributing to the need for it.
Socrates~ There is only one good knowledge and one evil ignorance.
Why call it a building if it's already been built?
Mark Twain~ I didnt attend the funeral but I sent a nice letter saying that I approved of it.
Epicurus~ The man least dependent upon the morrow goes to meet the morrow most cheerfully.
Jean Genet~ Crimes of which a people is ashamed constitute its real history. The same is true of man.
Those who love deeply never grow old. - Anonymous
Hebrew Proverb~ Man plans and God laughs.
Always leave loved ones with loving words, it may be the last time you see them.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley~ The beginning is always today.
Aldus Manutius~ Talk of nothing but business and dispatch that business quickly.
Muhammad Ali~ There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people.
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. -William Cowper
Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring, while dishwasher soap is made with real lemons?
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong.
William Butler Yeats~ Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. -Benjamin Franklin
Yoruba Proverb~ What you give you get ten times over.
Margaret Cho~ If we have the opportunity to be generous with our hearts ourselves we have no idea of the depth and breadth of loves reach.
A seafood diet is the best: whenever you see food, eat it.
If you should put even a little on a little and should do this often, soon this would become big. -Hesiod
David P Gardner~ We learn simply by the exposure of living and what we learn most natively is the tradition in which we live.
Ellen Parr~ The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
How you think when you lose determines how long it will be until you win. -G.k Chesterton
Henry de Bracton~ An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Character is not made in a crisis - it is only exhibited. - Robert Freeman
Quintilian~ It is much easier to try ones hand at many things than to concentrate ones powers on one thing.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
A giving church is a living church.
Kahlil Gibran~ They consider me to have sharp and penetrating vision because I see them through the mesh of a sieve.
Marlon Brando~ An actors a guy who if you aint talking about him aint listening.
Gracie Allen~ When I was born I was so surprised I didnt talk for a year and a half.
You can plant a dream. -Anne Campbell
Plato~ Death is not the worst than can happen to men.
Worry is simply an unhealthy and destructive mental habit. -Norman Vincent Peale
Homer~ There is a fullness of all things even of sleep and love.
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today and yesterday.
Hot heads and cold hearts never solved anything. -Billy Graham
Sister Mary Lauretta~ To be successful the first thing to do is to fall in love with your work.
Francois Villon~ I know all except myself.
Be free all worthy spirits, and stretch yourselves, for greatness and for height. -George Champman
John Stuart Mill~ Everyone who receives the protection of society owes a return for the benefit.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Religion is what keeps the poor man from murdering the rich.
Henry Kissinger~ The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.
The Congress is a strange place where people get up and speak, nobody listens, and then everyone disagrees at the top of their lungs.
Quentin Crisp~ If at first you dont succeed failure may be your style.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Time discovers truth.
Effort only full releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -Napoleon Hill
Andre Gide~ It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.
Euripides~ Mans most valuable trait Is a judicious sense of what not to believe.
People would enjoy life more if, once they got what they wanted, they could remember how much they wanted it.
Any simple problem can be made insoluble if enough meetings are held to discuss it. (Mitchell's Law of Committees)
Piet Hein~ The Universe may be as great as they say. But it wouldnt be missed if it didnt exist.
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger -Friedrich Nietzsche
Jonathan Swift~ As blushing will sometimes make a whore pass for a virtuous woman so modesty may make a fool seem a man of sense.
Sign at the Pavlov Institute: Knock: Please don't ring bell.
Advice is like snow; the softer it falls the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Anon.~ General Failures Fault. Not Yours.
Tennessee Williams~ A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
Erma Bombeck~ It is fast approaching the point where I dont want to elect anyone stupid enough to want the job.
EARN as much as you can. SAVE as much as you can. INVEST as much as you can. GIVE as much as you can. -Rev. John Wellesly
Dylan Thomas~ Someones boring me. I think its me.
Tryon Edwards~ To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully.
James Grover Thurber~ It is better to ask some of the questions than to know all the answers.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ Only sick music makes money today.
Jules Feiffer~ Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
He who kneels the most stands best. (D.L. Moody)
A true friend walks in when the world walks out.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
Charles De Gaulle~ In politics it is necessary either to betray ones country of the electorate. I prefer to betray the electorate.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ Three oclock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.
You are making progress if each mistake is a new one.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. (Ronald E. Osborn)
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you: you must acquire it. - Sudie Back
Why do they have ear piercing while you wait? Is there some shop where you can drop them off and pick them up later?
Margaret Mead~ Women want medicore men. and men are working hard to become as medicore as possible.
Marshall McLuhan~ The medium is the message.
Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.
Alec Bourne~ It is possible to store the mind with a million facts and still be entirely uneducated.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Common sense in an uncommon degree and is what the world calls wisdom.
Samuel Butler~ He that is down can fall no lower.
Martin Buber~ Play is the exultation of the possible.
Walter Lippmann~ Love endures only when the lovers love many things together and not merely each other.
Fail your way to the top. -Jeff Olsen
Babe Ruth~ I have only one superstition. I touch all the bases when I hit a home run.
Tom Robbins~ There are many things worth living for there are a few things worth dying for but there is nothing worth killing for.
There are two things that are hard to hit and see, thats a spooky ghost and Muhammed Ali. -Muhammed Ali
A politician is a person who can make waves and then make you think they are the only one who can save the ship.
The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope. -Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Pope~ In every friend we lose a part of ourselves and the best part.
English Proverb~ Dont fall before youre pushed.
Ralph Kiner~ The Mets have gotten their leadoff batter on only once this inning.
W. C. Fields~ Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
Claude Bernard~ Man can learn nothing unless he proceeds from the known to the unknown.
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to. -Walter Linn
You can clutch the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present. -Jan Glidwell
Robert Louis Stephenson~ To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive and the true success is to labour.
Bennett Alfred Cerf~ Censor a self-appointed snoophound who sticks his nose in other peoples business.
Edith Hamilton~ To be able to be caught up into the world of thought - that is being educated.
Life must be understood backward. But it must be lived forward. -Soren Kierkegaard
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
James Arthur Baldwin~ Be careful what you set your heart upon - for it will surely be yours.
Hating hate does not mean you love love.
Ability is of little account without opportunity. -Napoleon Bonaparte
The South Wind has for the evening donned jasmine scent. - Saiom Shriver
Darkness is only driven out with light, not more darkness. - Martin Luther King Jr.
The best way to beat your enemy is to beat him at politeness.
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle. -Abraham Lincoln
Raul E. Sanchez~ Mire Hacia Las Estrellas. Look At The Stars.
The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power. -John Ruskin
Pet owner: Every time a bell rings my dog goes and sits in the corner. Veterinarian: That's perfectly normal; he's a boxer.
Geoffrey Latham~ Music is the vernacular of the human soul.
Unknown~ Do not regret growing older. Its a privilege denied to many.
Andrew Schneider~ Real meaningful endeavours the biggies in human existence often require the sacrifice of others.
Spiro Agnew~ To one extent if youve seen one city slum youve seen them all.
Albert Schweitzer~ Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Oxymoron: Microsoft Works.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are - you aren't. (Margaret Thatcher)
In all pleasures hope is a considerable part. -Samuel Johnson
Failure is opportunity in disguise.
John Henry Cardinal Newman~ Fear not that thy life shall come to an end but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning.
Man "If I could see you naked, I'd die happy." Woman "Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing."
Frank Lloyd Wright~ The longer I live the more beautiful life becomes.
Miguel de Cervantes~ I find my familiarity with thee has bred contempt.
Chinese Proverb~ A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
Francis Bacon~ Some books are to be tasted others swallowed and some few to be chewed and digested.
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance. -Unknown Author
Oscar Wilde~ To lose one parent Mr Worthing may be regarded as a misfortune to lose both looks like carelessness.
The mark of a good leader is to know when it's time to follow. - Susie Switzer
Alice Walker~ No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want. -Ben Stein
Studies serve for delight, for ornaments, and for ability. - Francis Bacon
Kindness and honesty can only be expected from the strong. -Unknown
Evan Esar~ Statistician A man who believes figures dont lie but admits that under analysis some of them wont stand up either.
To reform a man, you must begin with his grandmother. (Victor Hugo)
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ If you want something said ask a man if you want something done ask a woman.
Teenagers express their burning desires to be different by dressing exactly alike.
Jorge Luis Borges~ Dont talk unless you can improve the silence.
Betty Naomi Friedan~ When she stopped conforming to the conventional picture of femininity she finally began to enjoy being a woman.
Laurence J. Peter~ Some problems are so complex that you have to be highly intelligent and well informed just to be undecided about them.
Ford Maddox~ Only two classes of books are of universal appeal. The very best and the very worst.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how. -Friedrich Nietzsche
Your imagination, my dear fellow, is worth more than you imagine. -Louis Aragon
Michael Leuning~ Love one another and you will be happy. Its as simple and as difficult as that.
George Ade~ Whom are you he asked for he had attended business college.
It's not your salary that makes you rich, it's your spending habits. - Charles A. Jaffe
Emmet Fox~ Life is consciousness.
John Burroughs~ The secret of happiness is something to do.
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist. -Mary Kay Ash
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate. -Danish Proverb
Duty over desire - may that inspire.
Josh Billings~ Knowledge is like money the more he gets the more he craves.
Anonymous~ To harken to evil conversation is the road to wickedness..
Mother Theresa~ I see God in every human being.
He who is plenteously provided for from within, needs but little from without. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Power works best in the hands of those who don't want it.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. (Robert Brault)
Henry Ford~ Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Benjamin Franklin~ God heals and the doctor takes the fees.
Aldous Huxley~ Experience is not what happens to you its what you do with what happens to you.
Ayn Rand~ Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of ones values.
It is better to be 5 minutes late than dead for 5 minutes. (John Leighton)
Gallagher~ Dont you wish there were a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence Theres one marked Brightness but it doesnt work.
Albert Einstein~ If you are out to describe the truth leave elegance to the tailor.
Ronald Reagan~ Ive often wondered how some people in positions of this kind ... manage without having had any acting experience.
Time is like money: you can either spend, waste, or invest!
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself. (Chinese proverb)
If you can't control the wind, adjust your sail.
Henry Beston~ Do no dishonour to the earth least you dishonour the spirit of man.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
Joshua J. Marine~ Challenges are what make life interesting overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Francis Bacon~ We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -Eden Phillpotts
Toni Morrison~ Im a controversial figure. My friends either dislike me or hate me.
Unknown~ Nothing can cause turmoil and the defeat of accomplishment as quickly as disorganization.
John Peet~ Defining consultancy is a bit like defining the upper class every possible candidate draws the line just below himself.
We grow great by dreams. All big men are dreamers. -Woodrow T. Wilson
George Washington~ Tis our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world.
In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadows to blind those who don't. -Blaise Pascal
There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity. -General Douglas Macarthur
Mickey Rooney~ You always pass failure on the way to success.
Seneca~ Desultory reading is delightful but to be beneficial our reading must be carefully directed.
Child Age ~ Ive learned that when I wave to people in the country they stop what they are doing and wave back.
Rhea Olsen~ A good friend can shield you from the storm.
Bertrand Russell~ Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Harry S Truman~ Well I wouldnt say I was in the great class but I had a great time while I was trying to be great.
Anger manages everything badly. - statius
Seneca~ The path of precept is long that of example short and effectual.
Who gossips to you will gossip of you. (Turkish proverb)
Joe Moore~ You can always get the truth from a politician after he has turned seventy or given up all hope of the Presidency.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it. -Syrus
A man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth. [Luke 12:15]. - Bible
Fortune and love befriend the bold. -Ovid
Thomas Jefferson~ We confide in our strength without boasting of it we respect that of others without fearing it.
Benjamin Franklin~ If you would persuade you must appeal to interest rather than intellect.
Proverbs Bible~ As iron sharpens iron so a man sharpens the countance of his friend.
Wilfred Wilson Gibson~ Come for the House of Hope is built on sand bring wine for the fabric of life is as weak as the wind.
He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year. -Leonardo Da Vinci
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
Scott Reed~ This one step - choosing a goal and sticking to it - changes everything.
Rita Rudner~ Most turkeys taste better the day after my mothers tasted better the day before.
Lane Olinghouse~ Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Dont judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Chinese Proverb~ If you suspect a man dont employ him and if ypu employ him dont suspect him.
Vernon Law~ Experience is the worst teacher it gives the test before presenting the lesson.
Robin Green~ My masculinity isnt hinged on whether or not I knit.
Thomas Jefferson~ The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers.
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ Even if happiness forgets you a little bit never completely forget about it.
Anon.~ The NeXT Computer The hardware makes it a PC the software makes it a workstation the unit sales makes it a mainframe.
George Jean Nathan~ Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles.
There are no office hours for leaders. -Cardinal J. Gibbons
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Tao Te Ching
Chinese Proverb~ Married couples tell each other a thousand things without speech.
Thomas Fuller~ Do as most do and men will speak well of you.
Blade~ Blade There are worse things out tonight than vampires. Dr. Karen Jenson Like what Blade Like me.
Norman O. Brown~ The dynamics of capitalism is postponement of enjoyment to the constantly postponed future.
Alfred Bernhard Nobel~ Hope is natures veil for hiding truths nakedness.
Gloria Steinem~ Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Clare Ansberry~ Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together drawing them from their homes.
Leadership is a combination of strategy and character. If you must be without one, be without the strategy. -Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf
Hesiod~ Invite the man that loves thee to a feast but let alone thine enemy.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Liberty is one of the most valuable blessings that Heaven has bestowed upon mankind.
When you give a man a dole you deny him his dignity, and when you deny him his dignity you rob him his destiny. -Zig Ziglar
Robert Redford~ If you stay in Beverly Hills too long you become a Mercedes.
Tryon Edwards~ He who can suppress a moments anger may prevent a day of sorrow.
William Gibson~ Cyberspace A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators in every nation.
I am a part of all that I have seen. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance. (Thomas Jefferson)
Rules without relationship equals rebellion.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. -Abraham Lincoln
When you put somebody down, you have to be down there to hold him down. You could soar high otherwise.
Kahlil Gibran~ I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest with visions to be realized than lord among those without dreams and desires.
I was going to waste, but Jesus recycled me.
Herbert Spencer~ The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Juvenal~ Peace visits not the guilty mind.
Maps encourage boldness. They're like cryptic love letters. They make anything seem possible. -Mark Jenkins
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Nicholas Murray Butler~ Businesses planned for service are apt to succeed businesses planned for profit are apt to fail.
By learning to obey, you will know how to command. (Italian Proverb)
Saint Jerome~ Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Tennessee Williams~ I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Don't learn the tricks of the trade, learn the trade.
Robert Frost~ Earths the right place for love. I dont know where its likely to go better.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. -Bob Dylan
Muriel Rukeyser~ The universe is made of stories not atoms.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. -George S. Patton
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
Reference Manual: Object that raises the monitor to eye level. Also used to compensate for that short table leg.
Niccolo Machiavelli~ It is better to be feared than loved if you cannot be both.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ No facts are to me sacred none are profane I simply experiment an endless seeker with no Past at my back.
The secret to managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided. -Casey Stengel
Henry David Thoreau~ What people say you cannot do you try and find that you can.
Baltasar Gracian~ A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Ennius~ The idle mind knows not what it wants.
Edna St. Vincent Millay~ Its not loves going hurts my days But that it went in little ways.
No one is responsible for all the things that happen to him, but he is responsible for the way he acts when they do happen.
Look alive. Here comes a buzzard. - Lady Stella Reading
Shakti Gawain~ Our bodies communicate to us clearly and specifically if we are willing to listen to them.
Gore Vidal~ Any American who is prepared to run for president should automatically by definition be disqualified from ever doing so.
Gale Sayers~ I learned that if you want to make it bad enough no matter how bad it is you can make it.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence. -Henry David Thoreau
David Layson~ Anarchy is not chaos but order with out control.
Godfather The~ Tessio Its a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
A man's word and his intestinal fortitude are two of the most honorable virtues known to mankind. -Jim Nantz
Niels Henrik David Bohr~ There are some things so serious you have to laugh at them.
As large as life, and twice as natural. - Lewis Carroll (pseudonym of Rev. Charles L. Dodgson)
The defining function of the artist is to cherish consciousness. -Max Eastman
George Herbert~ He who cannot forgive breaks the bridge over which he himself must pass.
Friedrich von Schlegel~ The historian is a prophet in reverse.
Gary Thadani~ Never Never Never Say NEVER
Euripides~ Leave no stone unturned.
Elizabeth Harrison~ Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize.
William Fullbright~ We have the power to do any damn fool thing we want to do and we seem to do it about every minutes.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. -Lao Tsu
Danish proverb~ Children are a poor mans wealth.
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes. (Perhaps Cy Burnett) . -Lewis Grizzard
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell. -Anonymous
Don Marquis~ A hypocrite is a person who - but who isnt
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges?
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals. -Sir John Denham
Coco Chanel~ In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
Our intention creates our reality. -Wayne Dyer
Bhagavad Gita~ As the kindled fire consumes the fuel so in the flame of wisdom the embers of action are burnt to ashes.
Elain Heffner~ The art of mothering is to teach the art of living to children.
American Indian Proverb~ Do not wrong or hate your neighbor for it is not he that you wrong but yourself.
Laurence J. Peter~ Equal opportunity means everyone will have a fair chance at being incompetent.
Suzanne Necker~ Fortune does not change men it unmasks them.
What is the difference between a happy husband and a jilted lover? One kisses his missus, and, the other misses the kisses.
Cultivate money and you grow rich. Cultivate mind and you raise culture.
Facts in books, statistics in encyclopedias, the ability to use them in men's heads. - Fogg Brackell
Nancy Friday~ When I stopped seeing my mother with the eyes of a child I saw the woman who helped me give birth to myself.
Efficiency is intelligent laziness. -David Dunham
Jon Lithgow~ Time sneaks up on you like a windshield on a bug.
Sir Arthur Helps~ Wise sayings often fall on barren ground but a kind word is never thrown away.
Pete Seeger~ Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you dont.
Quintilian~ A liar should have a good memory.
Colin~ Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls your ego goes with it.
Thomas Jefferson~ Information is the currency of democracy.
Jeremy Taylor~ Love is friendship set on fire.
I saw a girl wearing a sweatshirt with "Guess" on it. I said, "Thyroid problem?"
James R. Cook~ Do just once what others say you cant do and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
Virgil~ Lat. Now I know what love is.
Henry Clay~ I had rather be right than be President.
Virgil~ Whatever it is I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
Proverbs Bible~ Where there is no vision the people perish.
Benjamin Franklin~ He who shall introduce into public affairs the principles of primitive Christianity will change the face of the world.
Colley Cibber~ Possession is eleven points in the law.
Arnold Palmer~ Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.
Mark Twain~ I dont give a damn for a man that can only spell a word one way.
Maria Montessori~ The task of the educator lies in seeing that the child does not confound good with immobility and evil with activity.
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial charges and blamed it on the cost of living.
Terry Josephson~ No matter where you go or what you do you live your entire life within the confines of your head.
Abbe Dimnet~ Children have to be educated but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. - Socrates
Neither irony or sarcasm is argument. - Rufus Choate
When the going still gets tough, the tough, pray.
Akhenaton~ The barb in the arrow of childhood suffering is this its intense loneliness its intense ignorance.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Beryl Markham~ You can live a lifetime and at the end of it know more about other people than you know about yourself.
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so. - David Grayson
Some open minds should be closed for repairs.
If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size? - Sydney J. Harris
Life itself can't give you joy, unless you really will it. Life just gives you time and space, it's upto you to fill it. -Anonymous
Amanda Medinger~ Feeling passionate about something is like getting a peak at your soul smiling back at you.
Steven Wright~ I went to a store and asked if they had anything to put under coasters.
A smile is a fortune, but you can't sell it, you can't buy it and you can't steal it, but it isn't good to anyone until it is given away.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. -John Quincy Adams
Shimon Peres~ He altered the image of the Jew from that of rabbi merchant wanderer to that of scientist farmer and soldier.
Al Batt~ The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it.
Unknown~ There is nothing worse in this world then wasted talent.
Confucius~ I do not want a friend Who smiles when I smile Who weeps when I weep For my shadow in the pool Can do better than that.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel, and a comedy for those who think. -Jean de la Bruyère
Danny Kaye~ Life is a great big canvas throw all the paint on it you can.
Joseph Addison~ True happiness... arises in the first place from the enjoyment of ones self.
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
William Shakespeare~ A hit a very palpable hit.
Sylvia Plath~ There must be quite a few things a hot bath wont cure but I dont know many of them.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
When asked by his Boss why he only worked 4 days a week the enployee replied because I can't manage on 3 days a week.
Uta Hagan~ We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs us of the chance to be extraordinary and leads us to the mediocre.
There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path! (Morpheous)
What makes humility so desirable is the marvelous thing it does to us; it creates in us a capacity for the closest possible intimacy with God
Gustave Flaubert~ Stupidity consists in wanting to reach conclusions. We are a thread and we want to know the whole cloth.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others throw at him. -David Brinkley
Harold B. Lee~ The most important work you and I will ever do will be within the wall of our own homes.
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They don't care as much about attractive sites and pretty design. - Tim Berners-lee
George Burns~ Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.
Albert Einstein~ He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe is as good as dead his eyes are closed.
La Rochefoucauld~ Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones as the wind blows out the candle and blow up the bonfire.
Mary Wilson Little~ The penalty of success is to be bored by the attentions of people who formerly snubbed you.
Charles M. Schulz~ Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
If men can run the world, why can't they stop wearing neckties? How smart is it to start the day by tying a little noose around your neck?
The biggest man you ever did see once was a baby.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
Michel de Montaigne~ The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.
Nancy Astor~ The penalty for success is to be bored by the people who used to snub you.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Arnold H. Glasgow
Robertson Davies~ The love of truth lies at the root of much humor.
Kahlil Gibran~ The tears that you spill the sorrowful are sweeter than the laughter of snobs and the guffaws of scoffers.
Big doesn't necessarily mean better..sunflowers aren't better than violets.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
Zig Ziglar~ Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
A friend hears the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails. -Readers Digest
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Hold a true friend with both your hands.
William Ralph Inge~ What is originality Undetected plagiarism.
Wealth is not in making money, but in making the man while he is making money. -John Wicker
Mort Sahl~ The bravest thing that men do is love women.
Andre Malraux~ Be careful - with quotations you can damn anything.
Bob Talbert~ Teaching kids to count is fine but teaching them what counts is best.
L. Ron Hubbard~ ART is a word which summarizes THE QUALITY OF COMMUNICATION.
William Arthur Ward~ Opportunity is often difficult to recognize we usually expect it to beckon us with beepers and billboards.
Epictetus~ It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now. -Alan Lakein
Mark Twain~ Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Will Rogers~ Rumor travels faster but it dont stay put as long as truth.
Man was predestined to have free will. -Hal Luyah
Real valor consists not in being insensible to danger; but in being prompt to confront and disarm it. -Sir Walter Scott
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world. -George Bernard Shaw
Arthur Miller~ Everybody likes a kidder but nobody lends him money.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Quoting the act of repeating erroneously the words of another.
Some people reach the top of the ladder of success only to find it is leaning against the wrong wall.
The definition of an upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
Jean de La Fontaine~ Nothing is so dangerous as an ignorant friend A wise enemy is worth more.
Barnett Brickner~ Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate but through being the right mate.
I Ching~ Perseverance alone does not assure success. No amount of stalking will lead to game in a field that has none.
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like? -Jean Cocteau
Sid Ceaser~ A great NOW will be a great WAS A bad NOW will always be a bad WAS and all you can hope for is a Great GONNA BE
Theodor Wiesengrund Adorno~ The hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Hate the sin and love the sinner.
The greatest happiness comes from the greatest activity. -Bovee
Persian Proverb~ Once I had the strength but no wisdom now I have the wisdom but no strength.
Demosthenes~ Every advantage in the past is judged in the light of the final issue.
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping . - Claudius Claudianus
Confucius~ Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
Fat people are harder to kidnap.
A man's dreams are an index to his greatness. -Zadok Rabinwitz
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Needless to say since Christs expiation not one single Christian has been known to sin or die.
MACINTOSH stands for Most Applications Crash If Not The Operating System Hangs.
Randall Jarrell~ But be as you have been my happiness...
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Doing easily what others find difficult is talent doing what is impossible for talent is genius.
Carl Hermann Voss~ Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Hope is the worst of evils for it prolongs the torments of man.
Jesse Louis Jackson~ Leadership has a harder job to do than just choose sides. It must bring sides together.
Anatole France~ To accomplish great things we must dream as well as act.
Albert Einstein~ The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.
Theodore Herman Albert Dreiser~ Religion is a bandage that man has invented to protect a soul made bloody by circumstance.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Bertrand Russell~ It is preoccupation with possessions more than anything else that prevents us from living freely and nobly.
Do what you know best; if you're a runner, run, if you're a bell, ring - Unknown
Most people, once they graduate from the School of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll in the University of Adversity. -Peter Mcwilliams
Dante Alighieri~ In the middle of the journey of our life I came to myself within a dark wood where the straight way was lost.
Aaron Rose~ In the right light at the right time everything is extraordinary.
Thomas W. Higginson~ Originality is simply a pair of fresh eyes.
Samuel Johnson~ Men are wise in proportion not to their experience but to their capacity for experience.
Ugo Betti~ When you want to believe in something you also have to believe in everything thats necessary for believing in it.
Italian Proverb~ Years and sins are always more than owned.
Joseph Roux~ When unhappy one doubts everything when happy one doubts nothing.
Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
Fools take to themselves the respect that is given to their office. - Aesop
Francis Bacon~ A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
George Bernard Shaw~ The more things a man is ashamed of the more respectable he is.
If he was any slower, he'd be going in reverse.
Malcolm X~ Power never takes a back step - only in the face of more power.
Seeing yourself as you want to be is the key to personal growth. -Unknown Author
I know you know what I think I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
William Makepeace Thackeray~ There are a thousand thoughts lying within a man that he does not know till he takes up a pen to write.
Natalie Goldberg~ Stress is an ignorant state. It believes that everything is an emergency. Nothing is that important.
Hesiod~ Often an entire city has suffered because of an evil man.
Compromise: the art of dividing a cake so that everybody believes he or she got the biggest piece.
Max L. Forman~ Always hold your head up but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level.
Homer~ A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
Life is 10 percent what you make it and 90 percent how you take it. -Irving Berlin
Aldous Huxley~ It is the customary fate of new truths to begin as heresies and to end as superstitions.
Latin Proverb~ He fishes well who uses a golden hook.
Why are "I love you only" Valentinee cards sold in multi-packs?
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Action is only coarsened thought-thought becomes concrete obscure and unconscious.
George Bernard Shaw~ The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
W. H. Auden~ No opera plot can be sensible for people do not sing when they are feeling sensible.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. -J. Willard Marriott
Oscar Levant~ I once said cynically of a politician Hell doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.
The choice you make today will usually affect tomorrow.
Albert Einstein~ Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn ones living at it.
Feel the fear and do it anyway. -Susan Jeffers
Freeman's Extension: "...but you can get everything dirty without getting anything clean."
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
Warren Zevon~ Ill sleep when Im dead.
Baba Ram Dass~ The quieter you become the more you can hear.
Jewish Proverb~ Never trust the man who tells you all his troubles but keeps from you all his joys.
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcom S. Forbes
George Santayana~ Advertising is the modern substitute for argument its function is to make the worse appear the better.
Old age and sickness bring out the essential characteristics of a man. - Felix Frankfurter
Crow The~ T-Bird You know Lake Eerie actually caught on fire once from all the crap floating around in it. I wish I couldve seen that.
Unknown~ Blessed are the cracked For they shall let in the light.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ One of the greatest pieces of economic wisdom is to know what you do not know.
Franoise Mallet-Joris~ Nature does not loathe virtue it is unaware of its existence.
No trumpets sound when the important decisions of our life are made. Destiny is made known silently. -Agnes De Mille
I have had dreams, and I have had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams. -Dr. Jonas Salk
Steve Goodman~ People dont understand the virtue of time until their clock stops ticking.
James Thurber~ The wit makes fun of other persons the satirist makes fun of the world the humorist makes fun of himself.
Alan Watts~ Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel for love is not ours to command.
Love is the only thing that can be divided without being diminished.
Saint Francis Xavier~ Give me the children until they are seven and anyone may have them afterward.
Ronald Reagan~ I favor the Civil Rights Act of and it must be enforced at gunpoint if necessary.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will. -Dr. Robert Anthony
Why fools r endowed by nature with voices so much louder than sensible people possess is a mystery. It's a fact emphasized throughout history.
Danish proverb~ Give to a pig when it grunts and a child when it cries and you will have a fine pig and a bad child.
The idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
When two men share an umbrella, both of them get wet. - Michael Isenberg
William Congreve~ Music has charms to soothe the savage breast To soften rocks or bend a knotted oak.
Louis Untermeyer~ Nothing but blackness aboveAnd nothing that moves but the cars...God if you wish for our loveFling us a handful of stars
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. - Harold S. Geneen
Jean Caldwell~ The only truly happy people are children and the creative minority.
Beta. Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it's released. Beta is Latin for "still doesn't work."
Booker T. Washington~ I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him.
Alcuin~ The voice of the people is the voice of God.
Geoffrey Chaucer~ Ful wys is he that can himselven knowe (Very wise is he that can know himself.)
Seneca~ Live among men as if God beheld you speak to God as if men were listening.
Andrew Schneider~ You bluffed me I dont like it when people bluff me. It makes me question my perception of reality.
Catullus~ I hate and I love. Perhaps you ask why I do so. I do not know but I feel it and am in agony.
Hellen Keller~ When we do the best that we can we never know what miracle is wrought in our life or in the life of another.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Rough work iconoclasm but the only way to get at truth.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody has.
Jewish Proverb~ Make sure to be in with your equals if youre going to fall out with your superiors.
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. -Henry Ford
Carl Gustav Jung~ Man needs difficulties they are necessary for health.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Plutarch~ To find a fault is easy to do better may be difficult.
George Fabricius~ Death comes to all But great achievements raise a monument Which shall endure until the sun grows old.
Marcel Proust~ A catherdral a wave of storm a dancers leap never turn out to be as high as we had hoped.
Albert Schweitzer~ Until he extends his circle of compassion to include all living things man will not himself find peace.
Helen Thomson~ A cat does not want all the world to love her - only those she has chosen to love.
Lord William Stowell~ A dinner lubricates business.
John Anthony Ciardi~ A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. (Abraham Lincoln)
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success. -David Feherty
Deaf rage that hears no leader. [Ger., Dem tauben Grimm, der keinen Fuhrer hort.] - Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller
Rainer Maria Rilke~ Love consists in this that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.
Aung San Suu Kyi~ The only real prison is fear and the only real freedom is freedom from fear.
Mary Bertone~ The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -Eden Phillpotts
George Orwell~ On the whole human beings want to be good but not too good and not quite all the time.
A wise man among the ignorant is as a beautiful girl in the company of blind men. (Saadi, Persian poet)
Willa Cather~ Winter lies too long in country towns hangs on until it is stale and shabby old and sullen.
Swiss Proverb~ When one shuts one eye one does not hear everything.
Cicero~ Art is born of the observation and investigation of nature.
Sandra Carey~ Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living the other helps you make a life.
Two rules to follow: 1) Don't sweat the small stuff. 2) It's all small stuff. -Robert Elliot
Hellen Keller~ It is better to be happy for a moment and be burned up with beauty than to live a long time and be bored all the while.
Wilfred A. Peterson~ The secret of greatness is simple do better work than any other man in your field - and keep on doing it.
Those who race through life finish first. (Darrel Hunsbedt)
Henry David Thoreau~ Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Mark Twain~ In the first place God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
Elias Schwartz~ Anything not worth doing is worth not doing well. Think about it.
Joseph Conrad~ The mind of man is capable of anything - because everything is in it all the past as well as all the future.
Cathy Guisewite~ Food love career and mothers the four major guilt groups.
Richard F. Lovelace~ The goal of revival is conformity to the image of Christ not imitation of animals.
Thomas Jefferson~ Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.
Homer~ The glorious gifts of the gods are not to be cast aside.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. -Winston Churchill
Gluttony is an emotional sign that something is eating us. - Peter Devries
Roald Dahl~ Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker.
Sir Winston Churchill~ I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
Luciano De Crescenzo~ We are each of us angels with only one wing and we can only fly by embracing one another.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
J. K. Rowling~ Ah music. A magic beyond all we do here
Jerry Coleman~ Rich Folkers is throwing up in the bullpen.
Cicero~ Let the punishment match the offense.
Anwar el Sadat~ I was brought up to believe that how I saw myself was more important than how others saw me.
George Santayana~ A mans feet should be planted in his country but his eyes should survey the world.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. Never let your morals stop you from doing what is right. (Isaac Asimov)
Deng Xiaoping~ By following the concept of one country two systems you dont swallow me up nor I you.
Henry Ford~ Whether you think you can or whether you think you cant youre right.
Henry David Thoreau~ Dwell as near as possible to the channel in which your life flows.
Phaedrus~ It is destruction to the weak man to attempt to imitate the powerful.
Seneca~ Live with men as if God saw you converse with God as if men heard you.
James Bryce~ The worth of a book is to be measured by what you can carry away from it.
Doug Floyd~ You dont get harmony when everybody sings the same note.
Albert Camus~ Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is.
John Herschel Glenn Jr.~ For all the advances in medicine there is still no cure for the common birthday.
William Shakespeare~ The little foolery that wise men have makes a great show.
Aristotle~ In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Richard Lewis~ I quit therapy because my analyst was trying to help me behind my back.
We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand - and melting like a snowflake. -Marie B. Ray
Leonardo DiCaprio~ Some people dont get it when Im being sarcastic.
John M. Ford~ I am...a mushroom On whom the dew of heaven drops now and then.
George Santayana~ America is a young country with an old mentality.
Mother Theresa~ To keep a lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it.
Confucius~ Without an acquaintance with the rules of propriety it is impossible for the character to be established.
Dan Quayle~ Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child.
Eldridge Cleaver~ I dont think you have to teach people how to be human. I think you have to teach them how to stop being inhumane.
Charlotte Bronte~ If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship we must love friends for their sake rather than for our own.
It is not against the law to be stupid, but it is stupid to be against the law.
Virgil~ Perhaps even these things one day will be pleasing to remember.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ No Ernest dont talk about action. It is the last resource of those who know not how to dream.
Eliot Wiggington~ Life just isnt worth living unless youre willing to take some big chances and go for broke.
Joseph Addison~ What sculpture is to a block of marble education is to the soul.
Amy Tan~ You see what power is - holding someone elses fear in your hand and showing it to them
If I can only be with you in my dreams, then I want to sleep forever.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Talent develops in tranquillity character in the full current of human life.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer~ If you do a good job for others you heal yourself at the same time because a dose of joy is a spiritual cure.
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. -James Broughton
Franz Kafka~ Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy.
An unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
Kahlil Gibran~ Of lifes two chief prizes beauty and truth I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborers hand.
Leon Wieseltier~ No great deed private or public had ever been undertaken in a bliss of certainty.
Benjamin Franklin~ We must all hang together or most assuredly we shall all hang separately.
When you exercise your freedom to express yourself at the lowest level, you ultimately condemn yourself to live at that level. -Zig Ziglar
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. (Winnie the Pooh)
Henry Fielding~ Make money your god and it will plague you like the devil.
God's delays are not God's denials. -Robert Schuller
Dwight D Eisenhower~ I have found out in later years that we were very poor but the glory of America is that we didnt know it then.
George Bernard Shaw~ It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
Samuel Johnson~ I hate mankind for I think myself to be one of them and I know how bad I am.
Truman Capote~ I dont care what anybody says about me as long as it isnt true.
Do giraffes get sore throats?
Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
John Greenleaf Whittier~ For of all sad words of tongue or pen The saddest are these It might have been
Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them. (William Arthur Ward)
May you live all the days of your life. -Jonathan Swift
Alfred Adler~ It is easier to fight for ones principles than to live up to them.
William Shakespeare~ I am not bound to please thee with my answers.
We will always tend to fulfill our own expectation of ourselves. -Brian Tracy
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work. -Richard Bach
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor. -Robert Frost
You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through. -Rosalynn Carter
Cicero~ A happy life consists in tranquillity of mind.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything. -Bishop W. C. Magee
In order to truly master the comfort zone, you have to learn to love it. -Peter Mcwilliams
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
Paul Goodman~ Enjoyment is not a goal it is a feeling that accompanies important ongoing activity.
Samuel Johnson~ A cucumber whould be well sliced and dressed with pepper and viniger and then thrown out as good for nothing.
Erma Bombeck~ If you cant make it better you can laugh at it.
Franklin P. Adams~ To err is human to forgive infrequent.
I figure you have the same chance of winning the lottery whether you play or not. ~ Fran Lebowitz
Roosevelt Eleanor~ It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -Babe Ruth
Baal Shem Tov~ Everyone is unique. Compare not yourself with anyone else lest you spoil Gods curriculum.
Georges Clemenceau~ There is no passion like that of a functionary for his function.
Aesop~ No act of kindness no matter how small is ever wasted.
Take good hold of instruction and don't let her go, keep her for she is your life. - Bible
Bruce Lee~ As long as we separate this oneness into two we wont achieve realization.
Sidney Greenberg~ A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.
Happiness is more a state of health than of wealth. -Frank Tyger
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Its too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
It is not the speaker who controls communication, but the listener.
The hard way is the right way. -John Alves
If at first you don't succeed; you are running about average. - M. H. Alderson
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential. -Pilgrims
Woody Allen~ If youre not failing every now and again its a sign youre not doing anything very innovative.
Andr Gide~ Welcome anything that comes to you but do not long for anything else.
George Bernard Shaw~ When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of he always declares that it is his duty.
Jacques Deval~ God loved the birds and invented trees. Man loved the birds and invented cages.
Tommy Boy~ Tommy If I wanted a kiss Id call your mother.
I've learned that sometimes all a person needs is a hand to hold, and a heart to understand. - Andy Rooney
Anon.~ f u cn rd ths u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgmmng.
Aristotle~ All human actions have one or more of these seven causes chance nature compulsion habit reason passion and desire.
The Los Angeles riots were not caused by the Rodney King verdict. The Los Angeles riots were caused by rioters. -Rush Limbaugh
William James~ A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely re-arranging their prejudices.
James Barrie~ Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Kierkegaard~ Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool it gives me all the world and exiles me from it.
Confucius~ Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.
What was once thought can never be unthought. - Carl J. Friedrich
Mahatma Gandhi~ An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
Peter Ustinov~ It is our responsibilities not ourselves that we should take seriously.
John Dryden~ And virtue though in rags will keep me warm.
Where fear is, happiness is not. -Seneca
G. K. Chesterton~ Art like morality consists of drawing the line somewhere.
Kid Rock~ If it sounds good youll hear it If it looks good youll see it If its marketed right youll buy it but if its real youll feel it.
Jay Gould~ I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
Charles R. Swindoll~ Rejoicing is clearly a spiritual command. To ignore it I need to remind you is disobedience.
Virgil~ They are able because they think they are able.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ A home without books is a body without soul.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ Justice cannot be for one side alone but must be for both.
Josh Billings~ Good nonsense is good sense in disguise.
Burk Hudson~ Perfection is a road not a destination. Every time I live I get an education.
The doctor is not able to operate the notable, because he has no table!
Henny Youngman~ My wife is a light eater ... as soon as its light she starts to eat.
Henry Louis Mencken~ The cynics are right nine times out of ten.
Marcus Valerius Martialis~ Virtue extends our days he live two lives who relives his past with pleasure.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I hope they never find out that lightning has a lot of vitamins in it because do you hide from it or not
A man has reached middle age when he is cautioned to slow down by his doctor instead of by the police.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
Buddha~ Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Vince Lombardi~ Build for your team a feeling of oneness of dependence on one another and of strength to be derived by unity.
Confucius~ The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest success only comes later.
Lou Holtz~ Ability is what youre capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time. -Marilyn Manroe
Evan Davis~ Someday well look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Jerome K. Jerome~ I like work it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
Kids go where there is excitement. They stay where there is love. -Zig Ziglar
George Santayana~ Happiness is the only sanction of life where happiness fails existence remains a mad and lamentable experiment.
Henry Ward Beecher~ All words are pegs to hang ideas on.
Hiram Powers~ Educate the heart - educate the heart. Let us have good men.
Hellen Keller~ The highest result of education is tolerance.
Michelangelo Buonarroti~ Lord grant that I might always desire more than I can accomplish.
There is no more miserable human being than one in whom nothing is habitual but indecision. -William James
Lawana Blackwell~ If courage wasnt a standard result of aging it meant that the young could somehow acquire it as well.
Vine Deloria Jr.~ Royalty has always been an unconscious but all-consuming goal of the European immigrant.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ He who fears he will suffer already suffers because of his fear.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Feel for others - in your pocket.
Benjamin Franklin~ Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.
America is a land where citizens vote for Democrats but hope to live like Republicans.
We may affirm absolutely that nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without enthusiasm. -Georg Hegel
Cicero~ Such praise coming from so degraded a source was degrading to me its recipient.
Sir Winston Churchill~ We make a living by what we get we make a life by what we give.
David Peterson~ If you dont know what to do call the media and at least give the appearance of doing something.
G. Weilacher~ One only needs two tools in life WD- to make things go and duct tape to make them stop.
Sam Levenson~ If you die in an elevator be sure to push the up button.
Confucius~ The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions.
A 'wish' changes nothing. A 'decision' changes everything!
Woody Allen~ The great roe is a mythological beast with the head of a lion and the body of a lion though not the same lion.
Woody Allen~ I cant listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
One should not lose one's temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end. - William Butler Yeats
Martin Luther King Jr.~ One who condones evil is just as guilty as the one who perpetrates it.
Emile Zola~ The artist is nothing without the gift but the gift is nothing without work.
Mark Twain~ Often it does seem a pity that Noah and his party did not miss the boat.
It is not the years in your life, but the life in your years that count. (Adlai Stevenson)
Jean Kerr~ Even though a number of people have tried no one has yet found a way to drink for a living.
J. B. Priestley~ Many a man is praised for his reserve and so-called shyness when he is simply too proud to risk making a fool of himself.
John Holt~ The reason of a resolution is more to be considered than the resolution itself.
Hesiod~ Do not seek evil gains evil gains are the equivalent of disaster.
Lao Tzu~ The heavy is the root of the light. The tranquil is the ruler of the hasty.
Making your good times count and not forgeting your bad times makes a man sucessful.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first. - Bertolt Brecht
Thomas Carlyle~ A well written life is almost as rare as a well spent one.
Charity begins at home. Success begins at work.
You never see what you want to see, forever playing to the gallery. - Robertson Davies
If beef comes from a cow and ham from a pig, why do they put beef in hamburgers?
Native American~ It all meant nothing but Move a little farther. You are to near me.
Dale Carnegie~ Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. -W Clement Stone
My basic principle is that you don't make decisions because they are cheap; you make them because they're right. -Theodore Hesburgh
Sir Walter Scott~ And come he slow or come he fast It is but death who comes at last.
The lion and the calf will lay down together, but the calf won't get much sleep.. - Woody Allen
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. -Henry Ward Beecher
Don't ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
Miguel de Cervantes~ They can expect nothing but their labour for their pains.
Benjamin Nnamdi Azikiwe~ Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
Donald G. Smith~ Common sense and education are highly compatible in fact neither is worth much without the other.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done. - Peter F. Drucker
What is written without effort is in general read without pleasure. -Samuel Johnson
Kim Hubbard~ It aint a bad plan to keep still occasionally even when you know what youre talking about.
Reset Universe (Y/N) ?
Gerald R. Ford~ Our constitution works. Our great republic is a government of laws not of men.
Job Bible Hebrew~ If a man die shall he live again All the days of my appointed time will I wait till my change come.
Within your heart, keep one still, secret spot where dreams may go. -Louise Driscoll
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -James J. Corbett
Craig Claiborne~ For those who love it cooking is at once childs play and adult joy. And cooking done with care is an act of love.
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
Bertrand Russell~ Not to be absolutely certain is I think one of the essential things in rationality.
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money. -Robert Collier
Robert Anson Heinlein~ One mans religion is another mans belly laugh.
Lauren Bacall~ You dont always win your battles but its good to know you fought.
If your computer says, "Printer out of Paper," this problem cannot be resolved by continuously clicking the "OK" button.
Compassion is the antitoxin of the soul: where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless. - Eric Hoffer
Stella Benson~ Call no man foe but never love a stranger.
Julius Henry Marx~ Dont look now but theres one too many in this room and I think its you.
Lowell Thomas~ Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak. -Epictetus
Some people grin and bear it. Others smile and change it.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ No one is exempt from talking nonsense the mistake is to do it solemnly.
Julie Arabi~ Courage consists of the power of self-recovery.
Francis David~ We need not think alike to love alike.
Douglas South Wind~ You can tell the ideas of a nation by its advertisements.
Andr Maurois~ In literature as in love we are astonished at what is chosen by others.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Doctrine is nothing but the skin of truth set up and stuffed.
William Arthur Ward~ If you can imagine itYou can achieve it.If you can dream itYou can become it.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Bennett Alfred Cerf~ The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed.
Madeleine LEngle~ Thats the way things come clear. All of a sudden. And then you realize how obvious theyve been all along.
Albert Einstein~ I dont know what will be used in the next world war but the th will be fought with stones.
The controlled person is a powerful person. He who always keeps his head will get ahead. -Norman Vincent Peale
Tears will get you sympathy. Sweat will get you results.
No trumpets sound when the important decisions of our life are made. Destiny is made known silently. -Agnes DeMille
Henry Adams~ One friend in a lifetime is much two are many three are hardly possible.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Nurture your mind with great thoughts.
Chinese Proverb~ A closed mind is like a closed book just a block of wood.
Aristotle~ Education is the best provision for old age.
Be your character what it will, it will be known; and nobody will take it upon your word. -Philip Dormer Shanhope, Lord Chesterfield
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates
Kingsley Amis~ It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start their life as children.
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -Joseph J. Corbett
There's no business like show business. - Irving Berlin
Appearances are a glimpse of the unseen. - Aeschylus
Jimmy Johnson~ Treat a person as he is and he will remain as he is. Treat him as he could be and he will become what he should be.
Joey Adams~ Many a crown of wisdom is but the golden chamberpot of success worn with pompous dignity.
People forget how fast you did a job- but they remember how well you did it.
Who puts the thin ice sign in the middle of the thin ice?
If I am not free to fail, I'm not free to take risks, and everything in life that's worth doing involves a willingness to risk failure.
Assyrian Proverb~ A mere friend will agree with you but a real friend will argue.
Mark Twain~ When in doubt tell the truth.
Albert Ellis~ The art of love ... is largely the art of persistence.
Kahlil Gibran~ Safeguarding the rights of others is the most noble and beautiful end of a human being.
If speaking is silver, then listening is gold. -Turkish Proverb
Smile.... it makes others wonder what you're thinking.
Alimony: funds which allow a woman who lived unhappily married to live happily unmarried.
Margaret Chase Smith~ When people keep telling you that you cant do a thing you kind of like to try it.
There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days before Saturday.
Plutarch~ The whole life of man is but a point of time let us enjoy it.
William Shakespeare~ Silence is the perfectest herald of joy I were but little happy if I could say how much.
Bill Watterson~ People who get nostalgic about childhood were obviously never children.
Show me a man who cannot bother to do little things and I'll show you a man who cannot be trusted to do big things. -Lawrence Bell
Swedish Proverb~ What breaks in a moment may take years to mend.
Colin~ Think hard about it Im running out of demons. Im running out of villians. Im down to Castro and Kim Il Sung.
The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, passion. -Nadia Boulanger
Robert Benchley~ The surest way to make a monkey of a man is to quote him.
Thomas Jefferson~ Delay is preferable to error.
Homer~ It is not unseemly for a man to die fighting in defense of his country.
If you haven't all the things that you want, be thankful for all the things that you don't have that you didn't want.
People forget how fast you did a job-but they remember how well you did it. -Howard W Newton
Horace~ To flee vice is the beginning of virtue and to have got rid of folly is the beginning of wisdom.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ All theory dear friend is gray but the golden tree of life springs ever green.
In War: Resolution. In Defeat: Defiance. In Victory: Magnanimity. In Peace: Goodwill. -Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
Nothing is stronger than habit. -Ovid
Depression loses its power when fresh vision pierces the darkness. -Peter Sinclair
Loren~ If there is Magic on this planet it is contained in water.
Robert Byrne~ Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life.
Johann von Goethe~ The beginning of faith is the beginning of fruitfulness but the beginning of unbelief however glittering is empty.
Don't seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise: seek what they sought. (Basho)
Golda Meir~ I never did anything alone. Whatever was accomplished in this country was accomplished collectively.
Chuang-tzu~ Cherish that which is within you and shut off that which is without.
Seneca~ What difference does it make how much you have What you do not have amounts to much more.
Zadok Rabinwitz~ A mans dreams are an index to his greatness.
Little birdie in the sky, dropped a poopie in my eye I didn't scream, I didn't cry, But I thanked the Lord cows can't fly!
Tove Jansson~ You cant ever be really free if you admire somebody too much.
Write the bad things that are done to you in sand, but write the good things that happen to you on a piece of marble. - Arabic Parable
French Proverb~ Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
Charles Gates Dawes~ Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Andr Maurois~ Modesty and unselfishness - these are the virtues which men praise - and pass by.
Albert Einstein~ Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
Lucretius~ What is food to one man is bitter poison to others.
Mao Zedong~ Despise the enemy strategically but take him seriously tactically.
Johann von Goethe~ There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.
Phyllis~ Whatever you may look like marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades so will his eyesight.
Pearl Bailey~ You never find yourself until you face the truth.
Stella Adler~ Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
Claudia Alta Taylor Johnson~ The first lady is and always has been an unpaid public servant elected by one person her husband.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ The truth is more important than the facts.
Harriet Beecher Stowe~ The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
Marabel Morgan~ Persistence is the twin sister of excellence. One is a matter of quality the other a matter of time.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Jack was out kissing babies while I was out passing bills. Someone had to tend the store.
Elie Wiesel~ Ultimately the only power to which man should aspire is that which he exercises over himself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Every man I meet is in some way my superior.
H. G. Wells~ Adapt or perish now as ever is natures inexorable imperative.
Spanish Proverb~ If you want to be respected you must respect yourself.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Call it Nature Fate Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Madeleine LEngle~ We cant take any credit for our talents. Its how we use them that counts.
Ralph Erskine~ The job of buildings is to improve human relations architecture must ease them not make them worse.
Stanislaw I. Leszczynski~ Science when well digested is nothing but good sense and reason.
Jimmy Demaret~ Golf and sex are about the only things you can enjoy without being good at.
David Merrick~ Its not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.
Worry is the darkroom in which 'negatives' are developed.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. -William James
Maya Angelou~ Success is liking yourself liking what you do and liking how you do it.
Johann von Goethe~ A man who does not know foreign language is ignorant of his own.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ What is not good for the swarm is not good for the bee.
M. Morris~ Blindness and error can change a life as surely as judgment and reason can.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those who are immovable, those who are movable; and those who move. (Benjamin Franklin)
Success and rest don't sleep together. -Russian proverb
Great necessities call out great virtues. -Abigail Adams
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
Alan Perlis~ The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
Andr Gide~ It is better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for what you are not.
Henrik Ibsen~ Castles in the air - they are so easy to take refuge in. And so easy to build too.
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence, I can reach for; perfection is God's business. -Michael J. Fox
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character.
Anatole France~ To die for an idea is to set a rather high price upon conjecture.
You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated. (Maya Angelou)
The mind is no match with the heart in persuasion; constitutionality is no match with compassion. - Everett M. Dirksen
If you have time to worry, you have time to pray.
Howard Aiken~ Dont worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good youll have to ram them down peoples throats.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The highest happiness of man ... is to have probed what is knowable and quietly to revere what is unknowable.
Frances Willard~ The world is wide and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ Some books are undeservedly forgotten none are undeservedly remembered.
If a nation loses its storytellers, it loses its childhood. -Peter Handke
There are two ways to be contented: one is liking what you do, and the other is doing what you like.
Confucius~ He does not preach what he practices till he has practiced what he preaches.
Pittacus~ Know the right moment.
People forget what you said. People forget what you did. But people never forget how you made them feel.
Antonio Porchia~ One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
Doris Lessing~ That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something youve understood all your life but in a new way.
George Will~ It is extraordinary how extraordinary the ordinary person is.
Ernest Hemingway~ Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Edith Ann~ Acting childish seems to come naturally but acting like an adult no matter how old we are just doesnt come easy to us.
Joseph Hall~ He is great enough that is his own master.
Bill Sands~ Do more than youre supposed to do and you can have or be or do anything you want.
Bad planing on your part does not necessarily constitute an automatic emergency on my part.
Black Elk~ He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
B. J. Gupta~ Earn but dont burn.
What really matters is what happens in us- not to us.
Great lives are the culmination of great thoughts followed by great actions. -Peter Sinclair
Aldous Huxley~ Experience teaches only the teachable.
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell. - Fr. Jerome Cummings
It's more important to do the right thing than to do things right. -Peter Drucker
Phil Gramm~ The genius of the American system is that we have created extraordinary results from plain old ordinary people.
A disbelief in God does not result in a belief in nothing; disbelief in God usually results in a belief in anything.
I was teaching my 6-year-old daughter how to unbuckle her seat belt. She asked me, "Single click or double click?"
Ann Landers~ The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
J & A Foundation~ You can only flap your arms so much before gravity catches up to you.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. -Don Marquis
Austin OMalley~ Happiness is the harvest of a quiet eye.
Carl Sandburg~ Money is power freedom a cushion the root of al evil the sum of all blessings.
James F. Byrnes~ Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.
Henry David Thoreau~ It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.
When someone is having a bad day, be silent, sit close by and nuzzle them gently.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison
Henry James~ Summer afternoon - Summer afternoon... the two most beautiful words in the English language.
J. G. C. Brainard~ Hate no one hate their vices not themselves.
Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly. - Sir John Davies
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity.
A man with a watch knows what time it is. ... A man with two watches is never sure.
Athenus~ Treat the other mans faith gently it is all he has to believe with.
Anonymous~ A magician pulls rabbits out of hats. An experimental psychologist pulls habits out of rats.
If one desires a change, one must be that change before that change can take place. -Gita Bellin
Jerry Coleman~ You didnt have to say it was gone. It was gone before it got outta here. It was gonna that fast.
Oprah Winfrey~ Ive learned that you cant have everything and do everything at the same time.
Orson Welles~ Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask whats for lunch.
With a written agreement you have a prayer; with a verbal agreement you have nothing but air. -Robert Ringer
You can do what you want, but saving love doesn't bring any interest. - Mae West
John Gray~ It is not giving children more that spoils them it is giving them more to avoid confrontation.
Henry Wallace~ The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar. - Jerome K. Jerome
Life is a state of consciousness. -Emmett Fox
Bertrand Russell~ It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
Mother Theresa~ What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight. Build anyway.
Edith Newbold Jones Wharton~ Life is always a tightrope or a feather bed. Give me the tightrope.
Herbert Marshall McLuhan~ Money is a poor mans credit card.
There is no loneliness greater than the loneliness of a failure. The failure is a stranger in his own house. -Eric Hoffer
Instruction does much, but encouragement does everything. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
David Zucker~ Quit now youll never make it. If you disregard this advice youll be halfway there.
Samuel Goldwyn~ A verbal contract isnt worth the paper its written on.
L. M. Montgomery~ Its so easy to be wicked without knowing it isnt it
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Look at the Justice Department its full of Jews...The lawyers in government are damn Jews.
Television is bubble gum for the eyes. (Frank Lloyd Wright)
Blow~ George It was the greatest feeling I ever had. Followed abruptly by the worst feeling I ever had.
Alighieri Dante~ Lasciate ogni speranza voi chentrate. (Abandon all hope all ye who enter here)
We cannot truly face life until we face the fact that it will be taken away from us. -Billy Graham
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Don Marquis~ If you make people think theyre thinking theyll love you But if you really make them think theyll hate you.
If you want to play, practice. If you want to win, practice harder.
Confidence is the companion of success. -Unknown Author
Prejudice is the child of ignorance. -Samuel Hoffenstein
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. - Ambrose Bierce
James Oliver~ The world is blessed most by men who do things not by those who merely talk about them.
Character is like a tree and a reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. -Abraham Lincoln
Kisses are like tears, the only real ones are the ones you can't hold back.
Raymond Lindquist~ Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Mignon McLaughlin~ Its innocence when it charms us ignorance when it doesnt.
3 nails + 1 cross = 4 given.
Tshunka Witko~ One does not sell the earth upon which the people walk.
Ann Landers~ The poor wish to be rich the rich wish to be happy the single wish to be married and the married wish to be dead.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ The great consolation in life is to say what one thinks.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If you wear a toupee why not let your friends try it on for a while Come on were not going to hurt it.
The discipline of desire is the background of character. -John Locke
Unknown~ Friends are like melons Shall I tell you why To find one good you must a hundred try.
Success... it's what you do with what you've got. - Leroy Van Dyke
It's a very funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. -William Somerset Maugham
One learns to itch where one can scratch. - Ernest Bramah
Kahlil Gibran~ Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
Robert Francis Kennedy~ You cant make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you cant make peace without Syria.
Joseph Addison~ The Fear of Death often proves Mortal and sets People on Methods to save their Lives which infallibly destroy them.
Chinese Proverb~ There are two perfect men one dead and the other unborn.
Henry Adams~ Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of facts.
Arthur Miller~ A good newspaper I suppose is a nation talking to itself.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
It is a good thing God chose me before I was born, because he surely would not have afterwards. (C.H. Spurgeon)
Paul Valery~ A poem is never finished only abandoned.
T. S. Eliot~ Some editors are failed writers but so are most writers.
Triumph is "umph" added to try.
Cicero~ Friendship make prosperity more shining and lessens adversity by dividing and sharing it.
Simonides~ Painting is silent poetry and poetry is painting with the gift of speech.
Jeremy Bernstein~ Never speak more clearly than you think.
Christopher Marlowe~ Things that are not at all are never lost.
Henrik Ibsen~ The strongest man in the world is he who stands alone.
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. -Libbie Fudim
Dorothea Dix~ In a world where there is so much to be done. I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do.
G. K. Chesterton~ All slang is a metaphor and all metaphor is poetry.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Wit makes its own welcome and levels all distinctions.
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking. -Fredrich Nietzsche
You are seeking joy and peace in far-off places. But the spring of joy is in your heart. The haven of peace is in yourself. -Satya Sai Baba
You've got to keep fighting; you've got to risk your life every six months to stay alive. -Elia Kazan
Help others get ahead. You will always stand taller with someone else on your shoulders. -Bob Moawad
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Many could forgo heavy meals a full wardrobe a fine house et cetera it is the ego they cannot forgo.
W. C. Fields~ I never vote for anyone I always vote against.
Kristen Ashley Roth~ Hate is not a feeling toward another but a feeling of defeat by another.
Robert Orben~ To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear. -William Jennings Bryan
Lady Nancy Astor~ The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
Zsa Zsa Gabor~ I know nothing about sex because I was always married.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Waste no more time talking about great souls and how they should be. Become one yourself
Bernard Baruch~ I made my money by selling too soon.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do. -Mark Twain
Marital problems? You don't need a new wife, you need a new life!
Mohammed Reza Pahlavi~ Shah is a kind of magic word with the Persian people.
In a few years there will be only five kings in the world - the King of England and the four kings in a pack of cards. - Farouk I
Plato~ The harder you work the luckier you get.
Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize. -Elizabeth Harrison
The past is a guidepost, not a hitching post. -Thomas Holcroft
Gore Vidal~ There is no human problem which could not be solved if people would simply do as I advise.
Wernher von Braun~ Basic research is what I am doing when I dont know what I am doing.
The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
Lucretius~ Nothing can be created from nothing.
Abraham Lincoln~ The better part of ones life consists of his friendships.
People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be. -Harvey Mackay
My house isn't dirty.
Do not trust to the cheering, for those persons would shout as much if you and I were going to be hanged. - Oliver Cromwell
Jeseph Joubert~ I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the hearts affections and the truth of imagination.
Dave Barry~ Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy overweight Protestants today its open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
Carl Sagan~ If you want to make an apple pie from scratch you must first create the universe.
Road Trip~ Beth Are there any guys out there who are JUST NORMAL
The whole being of any Christian is faith and love. Faith brings the man to God, love brings him to men. (Martin Luther)
You're never beaten until you admit it. -George S. Patton
Johann von Goethe~ Life is the childhood of our immortality.
The things taught in schools and colleges are not an education, but the means to an education. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Theodore Roosevelt~ No man is justified in doing evil on the ground of expediency.
There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do. -Marquis De Vauvenargues
You don't get to control any outcome, only every choice you make along the way. -Stephen C Paul
Benjamin Disraeli~ Grief is the agony of an instant the indulgence of grief the blunder of a life.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
Adrian Mitchell~ Most people ignore most poetry because most poetry ignores most people.
Frank Zappa~ The United States is a nation of laws badly written and randomly enforced.
Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability. -Roy L Smith
Franklin P. Jones~ Perhaps the angels who fear to tread where fools rush in used to be fools who rushed in.
Agnes Repplier~ Humor brings insight and tolerance. Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding.
Euripides~ Second thoughts are ever wiser.
Wit is educated insolence. -Aristotle
Tommy Cooper~ Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own. -Confucius
Mike Gill~ Money the root of all evil...but the cure for all sadness.
Sandra Swinney~ It is amazing how much people can get done if they do not worry about who gets the credit.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. (Andrew A. Rooney)
A woman never shot a man while he was doing dishes.
Emily Dickinson~ Theres a certain Slant of light Winter Afternoons - That oppresses like the Heft Of Cathedral Tunes -
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has. -Michelangelo
The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement. -George F. Will
Roger Rosenblatt~ Children love to be alone because alone is where they know themselves and where they dream.
Church is the only place I know, where I can arrive late and get the best seats in the house!
Anita Brookner~ The lessons taught in great books are misleading. The commerce in life is rarely so simple and never so just.
Derwood Fincher~ Experience is what allows us to repeat our mistakes only with more finesse
La Rochefoucauld~ If we resist our passions it is more from their weakness than from our strength.
Swedish Proverb~ When the blind man carries the lame man both go forward.
James Barrie~ The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story and writes another.
Solon~ Men keep agreements when it is to the advantage of neither to break them.
Crowfoot~ What is life It is the flash of a firefly in the night. It is the breath of a buffalo in the winter time.
I must respect the opinions of others even if I disagree with them. - Herbert Henry Lehman
Robert Armstrong~ It a letter contains a misleading impression not a lie. It was being economical with the truth.
The great accomplishments of man have resulted from the transmission of ideas of enthusiasm. -Thomas J. Watson
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he'll quickly learn how to chew it. -Roy Ash
If I eat equal amounts of dark chocolate and white chocolate, is that a balanced diet?
Marquis de Flers Robert~ Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ My poor head is in such a whirl my mind is all in bits.
No man is lonely while eating spaghetti. It requires so much attention. -Christopher Morley
It is no use saying, We are doing our best. You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. -Winston Churchill
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution. -Kahlil Gibran
Asking a writer what he thinks about criticism is like asking a lamppost what it feels about dogs. -John Osborne
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Dusty bibles lead to dirty lives.
William Jr. Wrigley~ When two men in business always agree one of them is unnecessary.
A poor report card has one good thing in its favor: at least you know the student is not cheating.
Margaret Fuller~ Genius will live and thrive without training but it does not the less reward the watering pot and the pruning knife.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Shared joys make a friend not shared sufferings.
Hard work has future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Alma Powell~ I dont want to describe the hate mail weve gotten. (on why she was fearful of her husband running for president)
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. -David Starr Jordan
Albert Einstein~ Bias against the Negro is the worst disease from which the society of our nation suffers.
Carol Burnett~ Comedy is tragedy plus time.
Emily Dickinson~ Because I could not stop for Death - He kindly stopped for me - The carriage held but just ourselvesAnd immortality.
What you choose to focus your mind on is critical because you will become what you think about most of the time. -Noel Peebles
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time! - Coco Chanel
W. Somerset Maugham~ It is cruel to discover ones mediocrity only when it is too late.
Emerich Edward Dalbert~ Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Anonymous~ If you really do put a small value upon yourself rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them that's important. -Ruth Ross
George S. Patton~ Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
One worthwhile task carried to a successful conclusion is worth half-a-hundred half-finished tasks. -Malcom S. Forbes
Confucius~ Wheresoever you go go with all your heart.
Corra Harris~ The bravest thing you can do when you are not brave is to profess courage and act accordingly.
Why is it new and improved? If it's new how can it be an improvement of something and if it's improved how can it be something new?
Before I got married, I had six theories about bringing up children. Now I have six children and no theories. (John Wilmot)
Mark Duffy~ People say Ive had brushes with the law. Thats not true. Ive had brushes with overzealous prosecutors.
Trust men and they will be true to you; treat them greatly, and they will show themselves great. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Knowledge speaks, wisdom listens.
Jiddu Krishnamurti~ Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem.
Having your lawyer pay for lunch will be very expensive in the end.
Sigmund Freud~ Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Johann von Goethe~ The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him everybody sees them.
Harry Emerson Fosdick~ Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack.
Albert Einstein~ I like neither new clothes nor new kinds of food.
The fear of becoming a 'has-been' keeps some people from becoming anything. - The Passionate State of the Mind, 1954. - Eric Hoffer
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue. -Plato
H. Jackson Jr. Brown~ Strive for excellence not perfection.
Albert Einstein~ Insanity doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
William Orville Douglas~ Literature should not be surpressed merely because it affects the moral code of the censor.
Desire! That's the one secret of every man's career. Not education. Not being born with hidden talents. Desire. -Bobby Unser
Samuel Johnson~ Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
Abraham Maslow~ To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit every problem looks like a nail.
Roger Zelazny~ It is a pain in the ass waiting around for someone to try to kill you.
Anon.~ Good better best never let it rest till your good is better and your better is best.
Samuel Johnson~ Round numbers are always false.
On a front door: Everyone on the premises is a vegetarian except the dog.
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ People with integrity do what they say they are going to do. Others have excuses.
We are made to persist. That's how we find out who we are. -Tobias Wolff
Niall MacDermot~ State intelligence like military intelligence and woman friend is a contradiction in terms.
Hope is a waking dream. -Aristotle
Rolfe Neill~ Reading transports me. I can go anywhere and never leave my chair. It lets me shake hands with new ideas.
Paul Louis Courier~ The surest way to get rid of a bore is to lend money to him.
Robert Half~ No one can be right all of the time but it helps to be right most of the time.
Adrienne Rich~ Lying is done with words and also with silence.
All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer. - Gnomologia, 1732. -Thomas Fuller
Jim Rohn~ Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Saul Bellow~ The part can never be well unless the whole is well.
Caecilius Statius~ Wisdom oft lurks beneath a tattered coat.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. -Gail Sheehy
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools. -Og Mandino
Andrew Old Hickory Jackson~ One man with courage makes a majority.
We are where we are, as we are, because of what we are. -Earle J. Glade
To truly hear you must quiet the mind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ There are always those who think they know what is your responsibility better than you do.
Enoch Powell~ History is littered with the wars which everybody knew would never happen.
Muriel Spark~ Parents learn a lot from their children about coping with life.
Albert Einstein~ The American lives even more for his goals for the future than the European. Life for him is always becoming never being.
Airplane~ Steve McCroskey Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue
It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching. -St Francis Assisi
Charles Lindbergh~ Real freedom lies in wildness not in civilization.
No one should live by the early bird policy without finding out whether he classifies as a bird or a worm.
Rita Rudner~ I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.
Claud Cockburn~ Never believe anything until it has been officially denied.
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more luck I have. -Thomas Jefferson
Franklin P. Jones~ Honest criticism is hard to take particularly from a relative a friend an acquaintance or a stranger.
You have to do what others won't. To achieve what others don't. -Anonymous
Enid Bagnold~ Judges dont age time decorates them.
Colin Powell~ There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation hard work and learning from failure.
Many are called but few get up. -Oliver Herford
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf. -Tagore
Alexandre Dumas~ How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid It must be education that does it.
John Shirley~ Weekends are a bit like rainbows they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them.
Ed Meese~ You couldnt even prove the White House staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
We are born into the world of nature; our second birth is into the world of spirit. -Bhagavad-gita
Thomas Alva Edison~ Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
To fill the hour - that is happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Po Bronson~ As I get older Ive learned to listen to people rather than accuse them of things.
Hope is the ability to hear the music of the future. Faith is having the courage to dance to it today.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The soul has this proof of its divinity that divine things delight in it.
Frank Kingdon~ Questions are the creative acts of intelligence.
We must hang together, gentlemen...else, we shall most assuredly hang separately. (Benjamin Franklin, 1776)
Frederick Douglas~ When you have eliminated the impossible that which remains however improbable must be the truth.
Johann von Goethe~ I can tell you honest friend what to believe believe life it teaches better than book or orator.
Andre Gide~ One doesnt discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Mark Twain~ It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ A wrong-doer is often a man that has left something undone not always he that has done something.
No answer is also an answer.
Irish Proverb~ All sins cast long shadows.
John Varley~ Never trust anybody who says trust me. Except just this once of course. - from Steel Beach
A wife encourages her husband's egoism in order to encourage her own. -Russel Green
Biblical Proverb~ He that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent.
Charles Caleb Colton~ We hate some persons because we do not know them and we will not know them because we hate them.
Shunryu Suzuki~ When you understand one thing through and through you understand everything.
Remember that failure is an event - not a person.
Robert Orben~ Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Many count their chickens before they are hatched and where they expect bacon meet with broken bones.
Unknown~ Talent does what it can genius does what it must.
Francis Jeffrey~ Opinions founded on prejudice are always sustained with the greatest of violence.
George Santayana~ Before he sets out the traveler must possess fixed interests and facilities to be served by travel.
George Eliot~ Our deeds determine us as much as we determine our deeds.
Love rules without rules. -Italian proverb
Euripides~ Slow but sure moves the might of the gods.
James F. Byrnes~ Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly. -Robert Schuller
English Proverb~ Never fall out with your bread and butter.
Carl Sandburg~ I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes.
Hob Broun~ Realism...has no more to do with reality than anything else.
Virginia~ If we dont believe in freedom of expression for people we despise we dont believe in it at all.
Ethiopian Proverb~ When spiders unite they can tie down a lion.
Hermann Hesse~ People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.
Saint Francis of Assisi~ Start by doing whats necessary then do whats possible and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Why? is the query of a skeptic; How? is the question of a person who wants to believe. (J Tilse)
When I was young, I admired clever people. Now that I am old, I admire kind people. -Abraham Joshua Heschel
Ice T~ Passion makes the world go round. Love just makes it a safer place.
Men at sometime are the masters of their fate. -William Shakespeare
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ In the truest sense freedom cannot be bestowed it must be achieved.
don Miguel Ruiz~ Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.
Johann von Goethe~ I love those who yearn for the impossible.
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ I have often depended on the blindness of strangers.
Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone. -Unknown Author
Hugh Elliott~ If theres one thing I know its God does love a good joke.
William Shakespeare~ Whats in a name That which we call a rose By any other name would smell as sweet.
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ Either war is obsolete or men are.
Otomo No Yakamochi~ Better never to have met you in my dream than to wake and reach for hands that are not there.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another. (Aesop)
Pablo Picasso~ Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Menander~ Culture makes all men gentle.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ How else but through a broken heart May Lord Christ enter in
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ We always like those who admire us we do not always like those whom we admire.
Mao Zedong~ Once all struggle is grasped miracles are possible.
Robert Francis Kennedy~ Some men see things as they are and say why I dream things that never were and say Why not
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. -John Ruskin
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder. - Al Bernstein
George Bernard Shaw~ Self-sacrifice enables us to sacrifice other people without blushing.
Cicero~ Force overcome by force.
A weed is a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Norman R. Augustine~ I do not believe in doing for pleasure things I do not like to do.
Haitian Proverb~ If you want your eggs hatched sit on them yourself.
William Shakespeare~ Pity is the virture of the law and none but tyrants use it cruelly.
Epictetus~ Were I a nightingale I would act the part of a nightingale were I a swan the part of a swan.
Abraham Lincoln~ When I do good I feel good when I do bad I feel bad and that is my religion.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Talents are best nurtured in solitude character is best formed in the stormy billows of the world.
What you see and hear depends a great deal on where you are standing; it also depends on what sort of person you are. -C. S. Lewis
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ There lives more faith in honest doubt believe me than in half the creeds.
The obscure we see eventually. The completely obvious, it seems, takes longer. -Edward R. Murrow
Austin Powers International Man of Mystery~ Austin Powers Yeah baby yeah
Jim Horning~ Nothing is as simple as we hope it will be.
Sophocles~ Though a man be wise it is no shame for him to live and learn.
Eric Butterworth~ Dont go through life GROW through life.
Norman Douglas~ Education is a state-controlled manufactory of echoes.
Laurence J. Peter~ In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
Terry Josephson~ Stop thinking in terms of limitations and start thinking in terms of possibilities.
When you get through all the phony tinsel of Hollywood, you find the genuine tinsel underneath. -Fred Allen
Jean Houston~ We all have the extraordinary coded within us waiting to be released.
Benjamin Disraeli~ The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
People seem to get nostalgic about a lot of things they weren't so crazy about the first time around.
May your trouble be like the old man's teeth...few and far between.
Charles M. Schulz~ Dont worry about the world coming to an end today. Its already tomorrow in Australia.
Will Rogers~ Diplomacy is the art of saying Nice doggie until you can find a rock.
Eighty percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
Hellen Keller~ Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. -Winnie the Pooh
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent. -Victor Hugo
Adversity is the diamond dust Heaven polishes its jewels with. - Robert Leighton
Kahlil Gibran~ Poverty is a veil that obscures the face of greatness. An appeal is a mask covering the face of tribulation.
John Ray~ The younger brother hath the more wit.
Helen Schucman~ Every situation properly perceived becomes an opportunity.
Man "Is this seat empty?" Woman "Yes, and this one will be too if you sit down."
Betty Talmadge~ Life is what happens to you when youre making other plans.
Vic Gold~ The squeaking wheel doesnt always get the grease. Sometimes it gets replaced.
Lynda Barry~ If it is your time love will track you down like a cruise missile.
Oprah Winfrey~ I trust that everything happens for a reason even when were not wise enough to see it.
Bertrand Russell~ The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
Our own heart, and not other men's opinions, forms our true honor. -Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Singularity shows something wrong in the mind. - Clarissa
Joyce Brothers~ The world at large does not judge us by who we are and what we know it judges us by what we have.
Jonathan Larson~ Forget regret or life is yours to miss.
William Shakespeare~ There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
Clive Staples Lewis~ Why love if losing hurts so much We love to know that we are not alone.
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself. - Lao-tzu
Coming to America~ Rev. Brown If lovin the lord is wrong I dont want to be right.
Chantal Saperstein~ All marriages are mixed marriages.
Aaron Levenstein~ Statistics are like bikinis. What they reveal is suggestive but what they conceal is vital.
Lawyers-a profession it is to disguise matters. -Sir Thomas More
Unknown~ If you love someone put their name in a circle because hearts can be broken but circles never end.
John Ryman~ I dont believe anything. I only know some things to a greater degree of certainty than others. - from When Galaxies Collide
Why do people point at their wrists when they ask what time it is? Do I point at my crotch when I ask where the bathroom is?
Mark Twain~ Our opinions do not really blossom into fruition until we have expressed them to someone else.
A. Alvarez~ Despair in short seeks its own environment as surely as water finds its own level.
Taoist Saying~ The journey is the reward.
Katherine Cebrian~ I dont even butter my bread. I consider that cooking.
There are too many mediocre things to deal with. Love shouldn't be one of them.
Our friends should be companions who inspire us, who help us rise to our best. -Joseph B. Wirthlin
You cannot be really first-rate at your work if your work is all you are. -Anna Quindlen
Heywood~ The tragedy of life is not that man loses but that he almost wins.
African Proverb~ When the mouth stumbles it is worse than the foot.
When we speak of the commerce with our colonies, fiction lags after truth, invention is unfruitful, and imagination cold and barren.
Ruben Studdard~ You have to learn that if you start making sure you feel good everything will be okay.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools. -Confucius
Robin Green~ The fact that when we die we are nothing more than worm meat - -I just dont think about it.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal and then leap in the dark to our success. -Henry David Thoreau
I don't understand Christianity, nor do I understand electricity, but I don't intend to sit in the dark until I do!
We all have ability. The difference is how we use it. -Stevie Wonder
Mae West~ Sex is emotion in motion.
James T. Farrell~ Theres one good kind of writer - a dead one.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ The test of a vocation is the love of the drudgery it involves.
The key to happiness is not fixing your problems but changing your attitude towards your problems.
George Dana Boardman~ Sow an act...reap a habit Sow a habit...reap a character Sow a character...reap a destiny.
Samuel Johnson~ Of all noises I think music is the least disagreeable.
Albert Einstein~ A storm broke loose in my mind.
David Hume~ History is the discovering of the constant and universal principles of human nature.
Publilius Syrus~ Any plan is bad which is incapable of modification.
Lewis Blaine Hershey~ A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does and about two years after he thinks he does.
Andrew Carnegie~ He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave.
Character is the result of two things: Mental attitude and the way we spend our time. -Elbert Hubbard
Every man should have a fair-sized cemetery in which to bury the faults of his friends. -Henry Brooks Adams
If you commit a crime, you're guilty. -Rush Limbaugh
Japanese Proverb~ The go-between wears out a thousand sandals.
William Shakespeare~ My salad days When I was green in judgment.
Francis Bacon~ Seek ye first the good things of the mind and the rest will either be supplied or its loss will not be felt.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -Albert Einstein
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe is as good as dead; his eyes are closed. (Albert Einstein)
You have to see the pattern, understand the order and experience the vision. -Michael E. Gerber
Events are less important than our response to them.
G. Norman Collie~ Every man has one thing he can do better than anyone else - and usually its reading his own handwriting.
John Dryden~ Set all things in their own peculiar place and know that order is the greatest grace.
Emo Phillips~ I was the kid next doors imaginary friend.
Confucius~ The perfecting of ones self is the fundamental base of all progress and all moral development.
Dick Butkus~ I wouldnt ever set out to hurt anyone deliberately unless it was you know important like a league game or something.
H. G. Wells~ After people have repeated a phrase a great number of times they begin to realize it has meaning and may even be true.
Virgil~ Believe one who has proved it. Believe an expert.
Albert Einstein~ Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D Roosevelt
I love living. I have some problems with my life, but living is the best thing they've come up with so far. -Neil Simon
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock. -Henny Youngman
Colin Wilson~ In the civilisation a new law of hostility prevails. And to call it the law of the jungle is unfair to the jungle.
A friend is known when needed. -Arabian proverb
Leslie Nielsen~ Who are you and how did you get in here Im a locksmith. And Im a locksmith.
Bad habits are like chains that are too light to feel until they are too heavy to carry. -Warren Buffet
The dynamics that are required to make any relationship work: Just keep putting your love out there. - Anonymous
Douglas MacArthur~ There is no security on earth there is only opportunity.
George John Whyte-Melville~ In the choice of a horse and a wife a man must please himself ignoring the opinion and advice of friends.
German proverb~ Where there are no swamps there are no frogs.
James Barrie~ Always be a little kinder than necessary.
Darby Conley~ Sometimes its good to contrast what you like with something else. It makes you appreciate it even more.
Henry David Thoreau~ In what concerns you much do not think that you have companions know that you are alone in the world.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. (Henry Ford)
Adam R. Gwizdala~ To your friends youre like a trash bag theyll use you for a little bit then theyll throw you out.
Albert Camus~ I love my country too much to be a nationalist.
Jimmy Breslin~ Rage is the only quality which has kept me or anybody I have ever studied writing columns for newspapers.
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws. (Plato)
Vince Lombardi~ Winning isnt everything but wanting to win is.
Unknown~ Life is too short to settle for anything less than a effort
Miguel de Cervantes~ In the night all cats are gray.
Some people are about as helpful as a porcupine in a balloon factory. (Donna Early)
Back to the Future~ Dr. Emmett Brown Roads Where were going we dont need roads.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If any man says he hates war more than I do he better have a knife thats all I have to say.
Salvador de Madaringa~ The Anglo-Saxon conscience doesnt keep you from doing anything. It just keeps you from enjoying it.
There are no great things, only small things with great love. Happy are those. -Mother Theresa
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Irrational barriers and ancient prejudices fall quickly when the question of survival itself is at stake.
Maredith Close~ There is no way to be completely happy without being oblivious to the world around you.
Count Benjamin Thompson Rumford~ Nothing surely is so disgraceful to society and to individuals as unmeaning wastefulness.
Caesar Augustus~ I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
John NIV Bible~ This is how God showed His love among us He sent His one and only Son into the world that we might live through Him.
Arab Proverb~ An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a sheep.
Show class, have pride and display character. If you do, winning takes care of itself. -Paul Bryant
Passion costs me too much to bestow it on every trifle. (1640). -Thomas Adams
William Shakespeare~ The earth has music for those who listen.
People seldom refuse help, if one offers it in the right way. - A. C. Benson
To be, or not to be, those are the parameters.
Remember that there is nothing stable in human affairs; therefore avoid undue elation in prosperity, or undue depression in adversity. - Socrates
Disability is a matter of perception. If you can do just one thing well, you're needed by someone. -Martina Navratilova
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Dont think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed.
William Ralph Inge~ The wise man is he who knows the relative value of things.
Bertrand Russell~ The main thing needed to make men happy is intelligence.
Phyllis Diller~ Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.
Price Cobb~ Some days youre a bug some days youre a windshield.
Heloise~ Riches and power are but gifts of blind fate whereas goodness is the result of ones own merits.
Chauncey Depew~ The enjoyment of life would be instantly gone if you removed the possibility of doing something.
Robert Charles Benchley~ I do most of my work sitting down thats where I shine.
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
A neurotic is a man who builds a castle in the sky. A phychotic is the man who lives in it. And a psychiatrist collects the rent.
Aldous Huxley~ You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Success is the child of audacity.
Hilaire Belloc~ Im tired of Love Im still more tired of Rhyme. But Money gives me pleasure all the time.
Anon.~ Old programmers never die. They just branch out to a new address.
Bertrand Russell~ It is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatsoever for supposing it is true.
Robert Frost~ Forgive O Lord my little jokes on Thee and Ill forgive Thy great big one on me.
It is what you do about what happens that counts. -Jim Rohn
He who knows others is learned; he who knows himself is wise. -Lao-Tze
Jose Narosky~ We protest against unjust criticism but we accept unearned applause.
Trying to squash a rumour is like trying to unring a bell. (Shana Alexander)
John Wilson~ Oh for a book and a shady nook...
William Shakespeare~ How many ages hence Shall this our lofty scene be acted over In states unborn and accents yet unknown
Marcus Valerius Martialis~ The virtuous man is never a novice in worldly things.
Milton Garland~ Dont worry about anything. Worrying never solved anything. All it does is distort your mind.
Samuel Palmer~ Wise men make proverbs but fools repeat them.
Hannah Arendt~ Action without a name a who attached to it is meaningless.
Plato~ Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly while bad people will find a way around the laws.
Mark Twain~ A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either. - Evan Esar
English Proverb~ One boy is more trouble that a dozen girls.
Sally Koch~ Great opportunities to help others seldom come but small ones surround us every day.
Every great player has learned to two C's: how to concentrate and how to maintain composure. -Byron Nelson
A. J. Nock~ The mind is like the stomach. It is not how much you put into it that counts but how much it digests.
By perseverance the snail reached the ark. -Charles Haddon Spurgeon
Unknown~ A friend is one who believes in you when you have ceased to believe in yourself.
Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Leave loved ones always with loving words. It may be the last time you see them.
Horace~ Think to yourself that every day is your last the hour to which you do not look forward will come as a welcome surprise.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Whatever happens it all happens as it should thou wilt find this true if thou shouldst watch closely.
If the desire to need is measured by the value of something, then you my darling are quite simply priceless. (Derek Breslin)
Hard work brings prosperity; playing around brings poverty. -Bible
Charles Grodin~ Its hard for me to answer a question from someone who really doesnt care about the answer.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. -Pat Riley
Lord Chesterfield~ An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
One of the most important things in communication is to hear what is not being said. (Peter Drucker)
Marriage is a book of which the first chapter is written in poetry and the remaining chapters in prose. -Beverly Nichols
Pablo Picasso~ Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Inside yourself or outside, you never have to change what you see, only the way you see it. -Thaddeus Golas
Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy but socially dead. (Anamaniacs)
Cicero~ Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others.
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Saint Augustine~ Unless you believe you will not understand.
Jeremy Taylor~ No sin is small.
Vegetius~ Let him who desires peace prepare for war.
Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction. -Anne Frank
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes. -Norman Vincent Peale
G. K. Chesterton~ Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
Arthur Schopenhauer~ Compassion is the basis of all morality.
Once conform, once do what others do because they do it, and a kind of lethargy steals over all the finer senses of the soul. - Montaigne
George Santayana~ The truth is cruel but it can be loved and it makes free those who have loved it.
Josh Billings~ Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there.
Bertrand Russell~ Drunkenness is temporary suicide.
Israel Zangwill~ The only true love is love at first sight second sight dispels it.
Vinny Nayak~ At any given point of time you are exactly what you wanted to be.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ A man can stand anything except a succession of ordinary days.
Rod Serling~ It may be said with a degree of assurance that not everything that meets the eye is as it appears.
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program. -Bob Wells
E. B. White~ Writing is hard work and bad for the health.
George Smith Patton Jr.~ It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.
A mind, like a home, is furnished by its owner, so if one's life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself. (louis L'Amour)
Jerry Coleman~ Theres two heads to every coin.
The eyes are not responsible when the mind does the seeing. -Publilius Syrus
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen. Not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
French Proverb~ There is no flying without wings.
Saint Teresa of Avila~ Accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love for they enkindle and melt the soul.
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible. -Frank Gaines
Barbara Ehrenreich~ Natural selection as it has operated in human history favors not only the clever but the murderous.
Rachel Blanchard~ I think its more important to be fit so that you can be healthy and enjoy activities than it is to have a good body.
Carl Jung~ We cannot change anything unless we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate it oppresses.
Being cool, is not trying to be cool.
Anon.~ Reality can be beaten with enough imagination.
Herbert Kaufman~ Failure is only postponed success as long as courage coaches ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Baltasar Gracian~ There is none who cannot teach somebody something and there is none so excellent but he is excelled.
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind. -Aristotle
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Id rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
Victor Borge~ Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
For all sad words of tongue and pen, The saddest are these, It might have been. -John Greenleaf Whittier
Thomas Brummond~ Property has its duties as well as its rights.
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in? I think that is how dogs spend their lives. (Sue Murphy)
Og Mandino~ The only certain means is to render more and better service than is expected of you no matter what your task may be.
I've decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Ronald Reagan~ Republicans believe every day is the Fourth of July but Democrats believe every day is April .
A wise person has something to say, a fool has to say something.
Even Popeye didn't eat his spinach until he absolutely had to.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. -Author unknown
S. J. Perelman~ Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin .. its the triumphant twang of a bedspring.
Sir Thomas Malory~ I shall curse you with book and bell and candle.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. -Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
African Proverb~ Until lions have their historians tales of the hunt shall always glorify the hunter.
The hand cannot reach higher than does the heart. -Orison Swett Marden
Character matters; leadership descends from character. -Rush Limbaugh
Some people grin and bear it; others smile and do it. -Anonymous
Lady Nancy Astor~ The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything - or nothing.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ He turns all of his injuries into strengths that which does not kill him makes him stronger he is superman.
Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes, in the nature of the case, different points of view. -Robert Hutchins
What we need are more people who specialize in the impossible. -Theodore Roethke
Raymond F. DeVoe Jr.~ Economics is war pursued by other means.
Larry Niven~ The Unexpected always comes at the most awkward times.
Debbie Skelly~ In a mirror last place becomes first place... Just depends on how you wish to look at it.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing-that's why we recommend it daily. -Zig Ziglar
John Wilmot~ Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children now I have six children and no theories.
Harold Rosenberg~ No degree of dullness can safeguard a work against the determination of critics to find it fascinating.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Mr Attlee is a very modest man. Indeed he has a lot to be modest about.
Johann von Goethe~ Talent develops in tranquillity character in the full current of human life.
William Shakespeare~ He was a man take him for all in all I shall not look upon his like again.
Sydney Harris~ Theres no point in burying the hatchet if youre going to put up a marker on the site.
Clarence Darrow~ I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure-that is all that agnosticism means.
Whatever limits us we call fate. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost. -Arthur Schopenhauerv
The principle is: competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before. -Steve Young
Alex Kroll~ Getting ideas is like shaving if you dont do it every day youre a bum.
An idea is salvation by imagination. -Frank Lloyd Wright
Victor Hugo~ If suffer we must lets suffer on the heights.
The Book of the Golden Precepts~ The way to final freedom is within thy self.
Epictetus~ Everything has two handles - one by which it may be borne another by which it cannot.
Saint Augustine~ Indeed man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
The art of love ... is largely the art of persistence. - Albert Ellis
I regret that I have but one life to give for my country. -Nathan Hale
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Riches like glory or heath have no more beauty or pleasure than their possessor is pleased to lend them.
Peter J. Davies~ Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top ups.
Ellen Glasgow~ No idea is so antiquated that it was not once modern. No idea is so modern that it will not someday be antiquated.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. (William Arthur Ward)
Passion costs me too much to bestow it on every trifle. - Thomas Adams
Bertrand Russell~ Too little liberty brings stagnation and too much brings chaos.
I can't change the direction of the wind. But I can adjust my sails. -Unknown Author
Fall down seven times, stand up eight. -Japanese Proverb
A person can fail many times, but they are not really a failure until they start to blame someone else.
Stanley Baldwin~ It is unfortunate considering that enthusiasm moves the world that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to tell the truth.
Make decisions from the heart and use your head to make it work out. -Sir Girad
Theodore Ledyard Cuyler~ Every step toward Christ kills a doubt. Every thought word and deed for Him carries you away from discouragement.
In the consciousness of the end is the limitation of the moment. -Mcdermott
Richard Willard Armour~ He who cannot rest cannot work he who cannot let go cannot hold on he who cannot find footing cannot go forward.
I don't have anything against work. I just figure, why deprive somebody who really loves it. -Dobie Gillis
G. K. Chesterton~ The thing I hate about an argument is that it always interrupts a discussion.
William Shakespeare~ He hath eaten me out of house and home.
Howard Scott~ Criminal A person with predatory instincts who has not sufficient capital to form a corporation.
Berton Averre~ To err is dysfunctional to forgive co-dependent.
Where there are friends; there is wealth. (Titus Maccius Plautus 250-184 BC)
Johann von Goethe~ We know accurately only when we know little with knowledge doubt increases.
One can resist an intrusion of armies but not an idea whose time has come. (Victor Hugo)
Bhagavad Gita~ For certain is death for the born And certain is birth for the dead Therefore over the inevitable Thou shouldst not grieve.
Nothing is as soft as water, yet who can withstand the raging flood? (Lao Ma)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Everything a human being wants can be divided into four components love adventure power and fame.
Bobby Unser~ Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives. -Louise Hay
William Shakespeare~ I met a fool i the forest A motley fool.
Delay is the deadliest form of denial. -C Northcote Parkinson
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. -Jonas Salk
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ The world is round it has no point.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. -Demosthenes
John Barrymore~ America is the country where you buy a lifetime supply of aspirin for one dollar and use it up in two weeks.
People forget how fast you did a job, but they remember how well you did it. -Howard W. Newton
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -Robert Francis Kennedy
If you must play, decide upon three things at the start: the rules of the game, the stakes, and the quitting time. ~ Chinese Proverb
Joan Baez~ The only thing thats been a worse flop than the organization of non-violence has been the organization of violence.
Jennifer Aniston~ I guess wed be living in a boring perfect world if everybody wished everybody else well.
Booker T. Washington~ No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem.
Adolf Hitler~ What luck for rulers that men do not think.
Irish Proverb~ Its easy to halve the potato where theres love.
William Hazlitt~ Prejudice is the child of ignorance.
Dr. Jonas Salk~ The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more.
Joy comes from using your potential. -Will Schultz
W. Somerset Maugham~ To bear failure with courage is the best proof of character that anyone can give.
Seneca~ An unpopular rule is never long maintained.
La Bruyere~ This great misfortune - to be incapable of solitude.
Jewish Proverb~ Look for the good not the evil in the conduct of members of the family.
There are lots of people who cannot think seriously without injuring their minds. - John Jay Chapman
George Bernard Shaw~ There is only one universal passion fear.
Proverb~ One who walks in anothers tracks leaves no footprints.
Oprah Winfrey~ You can have it all. You just cant have it all at once.
Charles De Gaulle~ A great country worthy of the name does not have any friends.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Your temper is the only thing you can lose and still have.
If you don't know where you're going how do you expect to get there.
Johathan Sacks~ Values are tapes we play on the Walkman of the mind any tune we choose so long as it does not disturb others.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Peace cannot be achieved through violence it can only be attained through understanding.
Charles A. Dana~ Fight for your opinions but do not believe that they contain the whole truth or the only truth.
I only work to enjoy when I am not working.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength. (Hasidic saying)
John D. Rockefeller~ I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
It is seldom easy to do what's right or right to do what's easy.
Dan Quayle~ Were all capable of mistakes but I do not care to enlighten you on the mistakes we may or may not have made.
Most of us are pretty good at keeping promises to others and pretty bad at keeping promises to ourselves. (Lawrence LeShan)
Robert M. Pirsig~ The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
An invasion of armies may be resisted buy not an idea whose time has come. -Victor Hugo
Galileo Galilei~ I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldnt learn something from him.
Prayer does not cause faith to work, faith causes prayer to work. (Gloria Copeland)
Benjamin Cardozo~ Freedom of expression is the matrix the indispensable condition of nearly every other form of freedom.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. -Author unknown
It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness. -Confucius
Age is a matter of feeling...not of years. -George William Curtis
Lois McMaster Bujold~ It was never what I wanted to buy that held my hearts hope. It was what I wanted to be.
Success is getting up just one more time than you fall down.
It is always the ones who talk loudest who do the least.
They (corporations) cannot commit treason, nor be outlawed, nor excommunicated, for they have no souls. - Lord Edward Coke
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something.
Voltaire~ Regimen is superior to medicine.
Seymour Britchky~ Some of the waiters discuss the menu with you as if they were sharing wisdom picked up in the Himalayas.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Susan Johnson~ Whoever has the greatest command of the language holds the power.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Mary Kay Ash~ When you come to a road block take a detour.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups parties nations and epochs it is the rule.
Frederick Langbridge~ Two men look out through the same bars One sees the mud and one the stars.
Anthony DAngelo~ Never let your persistence and passion turn into stubbornness and ignorance.
Voltaire~ Love truth and pardon error.
Peretz Smolenskin~ There are many fine ideals which are not realisable and yet we do not refrain from teaching them.
To live your life to the fullest, you've got to be a master of economics...after all, time's demand is always far exceeding it's supply.
Robert G. Ingersoll~ The true civilization is where every man gives to every other every right that he claims for himself.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ If you go into what I call a bubble boom every bubble bursts.
Dr. Jonas Salk~ Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship. - Louisa May Alcott
Henry Elliot~ If its sanity you are after there is no recipe like laughter.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ My view is that one should not break up a winning combination.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely. (Rodin)
Edgar Albert Guest~ It matters not what goal you seek Its secret here reposes Youve got to dig from week to week To get Results or Roses.
Chuang-tzu~ I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
George W. Douglas~ Each happiness of yesterday is a memory for tomorrow.
A poor report card has one good thing in its favor: at least you know the student is not cheating.
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack. -Wayne Lukas
Henry David Thoreau~ Not that the story need be long but it will take a long while to make it short.
Elbert Hubbard~ Life is just one damned thing after another.
Horace~ Drop the question what tomorrow may bring and count as profit every day that fate allows you.
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories. -Michel de Montaigne
William Saroyan~ Good people are good because theyve come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success you know.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. -Napoleon Hill
The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated. -H L Mencken
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed. -Harvey S. Firestone
The quality of your life is the quality of your communication. (with yourself as well as with others). -Anthony Robbins
Love is shown in your deeds, not in your words. - George De Benneville
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable. -Benjamin Franklin
Will Durant~ Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.~ I really wonder what gives us the right to wreck this poor planet of ours.
You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can. -Jimmy Carter
The Creator has not given you a longing to do what you have no ability to do. -Orison Swett Marden
Let us be of good cheer, however, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those which never come. -James Russell Lowell
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work. -H. L. Hunt
If life were easy, then it would be boring. (Charles Beck)
David Joseph Schwartz~ Do what you fear and fear disappears.
It is when we forget ourselves that we do things that are most likely to be remembered.
Confucius~ Silence is a friend who will never betray.
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body; the wishbone. -Robert Frost
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life. - Joseph Conrad
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Dan Quayle~ Quite frankly teachers are the only profession that teach our children.
There's a little truth in all jive, and a little jive in all truth. - Leonard Barnes
I try to lose weight, but it keeps finding me.
Robert Altman~ To play it safe is not to play.
Roger Zelazny~ Dont wake me for the end of the world unless it has very good special effects.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength. -Henry Ward Beecher
One fails forward toward success. -Charles Kettering
Mary Wortley Montagu~ I despise the pleasure of pleasing people that I despise.
Integrity is the cornerstone of trust.
Jane Fonda~ You spend all your life trying to do something they put people in asylums for.
Alexander Pope~ Our passions are like convulsion fits which though they make us stronger for a time leave us the weaker ever after.
He has conferred on the practice of vacillation the aura of statesmanship. - Kenneth Baker
To let a fool kiss you is stupid. To let a kiss fool you is worse.
General Douglas MacArthur~ Americans never quit.
Unknown~ An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
Richard Baxter~ In necessary things unity in doubtful things liberty in all things charity.
Irving Berlin~ Theres no business like show business.
Cornelius Tacitus~ No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations.
Little minds attain and are subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them. -Washington Irving
The first proof of a person's incapacity to achieve is their endeavoring to fix the stigma of failure on others. -B. R. Hayden
Where will you be sitting in eternity - smoking or non-smoking?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.~ We are what we pretend to be so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.
William Blake~ No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
Change begets change. -Charles Dickens
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them. -Earvin Johnson
Dag Hammarskjld~ It was when Lucifer first congratulated himself upon his angelic behavior that he became the tool of evil.
Robert Bridges~ I love all beauteous things I seek and adore them God hath no better praise And man in his hasty days Is honored for them.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ He who has great power should use it lightly.
Cicero~ To each his own.
The urge to gamble is so universal,and its practice so pleasurable that I assume it must be evil. ~ Heywood Broun
Don't anthropomorphize computers - they hate it. - Anonymous
Norman Douglas~ To find a friend one must close one eye To keep him two.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing. -Abraham Lincoln
Success in marriage is more than finding the right person. It's becoming the right person.
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. -Thomas Alva Edison
No Jesus - No Love. Know Jesus - Know Love.
He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning. -Danish Proverb
Jane Haddam~ In my day we didnt have self-esteem we had self-respect and no more of it than we had earned.
Unknown~ Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Karen Lamb~ A year from now you may wish you had started today.
Ellen Glasgow~ The only difference between a rut and a grave... is in their dimensions.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Four snakes gliding up and down a hollow for no purpose that I could see - not to eat not for love but only gliding.
The herd instinct among forecasters makes sheep look like independent thinkers. - Edgar R. Fiedler
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye. -Antoine de Saint Exupery
R. E. Phillips~ But when you start disagreeing with the answers youve got a problem.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a heaven for? -Robert Browning
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work. -Anonymous
The cold absolute truth is much more preferred than a kind and uncertain lie. (Gabe Suico)
Rita Mae Brown~ You cant be truly rude until you understand good manners.
Ultimately, the only power to which man should aspire is that which he exercises over himself. -Elie Wiesel
Walter Bagehot~ Nothing is more unpleasant that a virtuous person with a mean mind.
Larry Eisenberg~ For peace of mind we need to resign as general manager of the universe.
Mignon McLaughlin~ A successful marriage requires falling in love many times always with the same person.
The bitterness of poor quality remains long after low pricing is forgotten! -Leon M. Cautillo
If you love the life you live, you will live a life of love. -Unknown Author
William Osler~ One of the first duties of the physician is to educate the masses not to take medicine.
Nothing recedes like success. -Walter Winchell
Franklin P. Jones~ Originality is the art of concealing your source.
Marlene Dietrich~ Without tenderness a man is uninteresting.
When someone asks me what I think, I tell them: "I think all of the meat around a pig's ass is pork." (Tim Early)
Marilyn vos Savant~ To acquire knowledge one must study but to acquire wisdom one must observe.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him everybody sees them.
George Weiss~ Weeping may endure for a night but joy cometh in the morning.
Assumptions are the termites of relationships. -Henry Winkler
Harold S. Geneen~ Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
P. J. Plauger~ My definition of an expert in any field is a person who knows enough about whats really going to be scared.
Hughes Mearns~ As I was going up the stairI met a man who wasnt thereHe wasnt there again todayI wish I wish hed stay away.
Bruce Lee~ A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence.
In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing. -Robert Ingersoll
A. C. Benson~ People seldom refuse help if one offers it in the right way.
We can do no great things; only small things with great love. - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Golda Meir~ I must govern the clock not be governed by it.
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ If you make people think theyre thinking theyll love you but if you really make them think theyll hate you.
Alphonse Karr~ The more things change the more they are the same.
Johann von Goethe~ For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
James Howell~ Respect a man he will do the more.
We occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of us pick ourselves up and hurry on as if nothing happened.
Francis Bacon~ I think we have more machinery of government than is necessary too many parasites living on the labor of the industrious.
To see what is right and not do it, is want of courage. -Confucius
Abraham Lincoln~ I remember my mothers prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.
When science discovers the center of the universe a lot of people will be disappointed to find they are not it. - Bernard Baily
Robert Browning~ Whats a mans age He must hurry more thats all Cram in a day what his youth took a year to hold.
Epictetus~ All philosophy lies in two words Sustain and Abstain.
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far they can go. -T. S. Eliot
Marcel Archard~ The bedfellows politics made are never strange. It only seems that way to those who have not watched the courtship.
Respect is mutual, if you don't respect others viewpoints, chances are they won't acknowledge yours.
Laertius Diogenes~ Aristotle was once asked what those who tell lies gain by it. Said he That when they speak truth they are not believed.
William Blake~ It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
William Shakespeare~ The game is up.
Louisa May Alcott~ Love is a great beautifier.
Theodore Roosevelt~ The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.
F. Hansen~ War will cease when men refuse to fight.
Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him. -Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
You have three choices in any situation; the sooner you choose, the less stress you?ll feel: change, accept or leave.
Kelly Jeppesen~ What you are is Gods gift to you. What you make of yourself is your gift back to God.
Mike Ditka~ Success isnt permanent and failure isnt fatal.
Character, in the long run, is the decisive factor in the life of an individual and of nations alike. -Theodore Roosevelt
Thomas Fuller~ Tis not every question that deserves an answer.
Alan John Percivale Taylor~ There is nothing more agreeable in life than to make peace with the establishment and nothing more corrupting.
Samuel Johnson~ A man ought to read just as inclination leads him for what he reads as a task will do him little good.
Flip Wilson~ The cost of living is going up and the chance of living is going down.
Heraclitus~ Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
John Updike~ I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.
Danish proverb~ From a fallen tree all make kindling.
I don't feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Rod Steiger~ The most important thing is to be whatever you are without shame.
Hellen Keller~ The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight but has no vision.
It sometimes seems that we have only to love a thing greatly to get it. -Robert Collier
Tommy Bolt~ Never break your putter and your driver in the same round or youre dead.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
Amy Vanderbilt~ Do not speak of repulsive matters at table.
Tuscarora Proverb~ Man has responsibility not power.
Joseph Conrad~ You shall judge a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
Etty Hillesum~ We have to fight them daily like fleas those many small worries about the morrow for they sap our energies.
Edward Gibbon~ All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives, and remembering what one receives. -Alexandre Dumas
Franklin P. Jones~ One thing you will probably remember well is any time you forgive and forget.
Italian Proverb~ Let every fox take care of his own tail.
Victor Hugo~ When grace is joined with wrinkles it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.
You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might. -Henry David Thoreau
H.R. Haldeman~ Once the toothpaste is out of the tube its hard to get it back in
William H. Walton~ To carry a grudge is like being stung to death by one bee.
Arnold Bennett~ Americans will put up with anything provided it doesnt block traffic.
Fred Brooks~ Good judgement is the result of experience ... Experience is the result of bad judgement.
It is impossible to overestimate the immense need that humans have to be listened to, understood, and taken seriously.
Andy Warhol~ They always say time changes things but you actually have to change them yourself.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. (Nicola A. Sills)
Johathan Edwards~ Nothing sets a person so much out of the devils reach as humility.
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment. -E James Rohn
Arnold J. Toynbee~ History teaches us that when a barbarian race confronts a sleeping culture the barbarian always wins.
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature. -St. Augustine
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited. -Robert Freeman
Love has reasons that reason knows nothing of.
The fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much. - Anonymous
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ A wise man sees as much as he ought not as much as he can.
Rita Rudner~ Neurotics build castles in the air psychotics live in them. My mother cleans them.
Your children know you love them by your presence, not your presents.
Life is what you have while you are waiting to have one.
Japanese Proverb~ Fall seven times stand up eight.
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights. -Pilgrims
Henny Youngman~ My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesnt need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.
Steve Kravitz~ Ford used to have a better idea now they dont have a clue.
Dan Quayle~ I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.
Publilius Syrus~ Nothing can be done at once hastily and prudently.
German proverb~ One does evil enough when one does nothing good.
La Rochefoucauld~ We are never so happy or unhappy as we think.
Honesty pays dividends both in dollars and in peace of mind. -B. C. Forbes
Agatha Christie~ One is left with the horrible feeling now that war settles nothing that to win a war is as disastrous as to lose one.
Jesus is coming! Look Busy.
The best way to help poor people is to not be one of them. -Bob Harrington
Elizabeth Bowen~ No object is mysterious. The mystery is in your eye.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play.
Seneca~ What does reason demand of a man A very easy thing - to live in accord with his nature.
Determination, patience and courage are the only things needed to improve any situation. -Unknown Author
Scandinavian Proverb~ It is the great north wind that made the Vikings.
Danish proverb~ Since we cannot get what we like let us like what we can get.
Henry David Thoreau~ Nature abhors a vacuum and if I can only walk with sufficient carelessness I am sure to be filled.
His Unique Selling Position was to make the world work for 100% of humanity. . -Buckminster Fuller
The lesson is what you read in the fine print. The experience is what you get when you don't.
We are that which activates the body. -Pilgrims
Persian Proverb~ He who has been bitten by a snake fears a piece of string.
Baronne Anne Louise Germaine Necker de Stal Stal~ We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.
Liberace~ Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
Can atheists get insurance for acts of God?
George Bernard Shaw~ You see things and you say Why But I dream things that never were and I say Why not
You have within you, right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. -Brian Tracy
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ As for life it is a battle and a sojourning in a strange land but the fame that comes after is oblivion.
Nikki Giovanni~ Nothing is easy to the unwilling.
Dutch Proverb~ A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Sophocles~ Rash indeed is he who reckons on the morrow or haply on days beyond it for tomorrow is not until today is past.
Sir Arthur Wing Pinero~ Those who love deeply never grow old they may die of old age but they die young.
A cause a day keeps reality away. -Jim Fraser
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Most people who succeed n the face of seemingly impossible conditions are people who simply dont know how to quit.
Change is difficult but often essential to survival. -Les Brown
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ Men are not prisoners of fate but only prisoners of their own mind.
Time is the wisest counsellor. -Pericles
Mark Twain~ An enemy can partly ruin a man but it takes a good-natured injudicious friend to complete the thing and make it perfect.
F Scott~ Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
Edward M. Kennedy~ Dont sacrifice your political convictions for the convenience of the hour.
Most managers were trained to be the thing they most despise, bureaucrats. -Alvin Toffler
Milton Friedman~ The price works so well so efficiently that we are not aware of it most of the time.
Expenditure rises to meet income. -C Northcote Parkinson
Peter De Vries~ My father hated radio and could not wait for television to be invented so he could hate that too.
A second ago is gone, and a second from now might be. Now is all you've got. Go for it! -Lyn St. James
Benjamin Disraeli~ Never complain and never explain.
U. Peter~ Today if you are not confused you are just not thinking clearly.
A smile is a curve that sets things straight.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Change everything except your loves.
Henry David Thoreau~ It is not enough to be busy the question is what are we busy about
All the windows of my heart I open to the day. -John Greenleaf Whittier
Time is equal to life; therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life. -Alan Lakein
Grace Fallow Norton~ I have loved many the more and the few - I have loved many that I might love you.
Tiger Woods~ I am the toughest golfer mentally.
Thaddeus Golas~ What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
Jane Wagner~ What is reality anyway Just a collective hunch.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ Anyone who has a child today should train him to be either a physicist or a ballet dancer. Then hell escape.
James Russell Lowell~ All the beautiful sentiments in the world weigh less than a single lovely action.
If you would not be known to do anything, never do it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The willow knows what the storm does not; the power to endure harm outlives the power to inflict it.
Be humble, if thou would'st attain to Wisdom. Be humbler still, when Wisdom thou hast mastered. -Helena Petrova Blavatsky. - Helena Petrova Blavatsky
Zachariah Johnson~ The people are not to be disarmed of their weapons. They are left in full possession of them.
An inch of time cannot be bought by an inch of gold. (Chinese proverb)
Emily Dickinson~ Success is counted sweetest by those who neer succeed.
Senator Everett Dirksen~ A billion here a billion there pretty soon it adds up to real money.
I would rather be able to appreciate things I can not have than to have things I am not able to appreciate. -Elbert Hubbard
Roger~ Your intellect may be confused but your emotions will never lie to you.
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
Praise can be your most valuable asset as long as you don't aim it at yourself.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ This body is not a home but an inn and that only briefly. - Epistulae ad Lucilium
Woody Allen~ Life is full of misery loneliness and suffering - and its all over much too soon.
Ronald Reagan~ Facts are stupid things.
We need to learn to set our course by the stars, not by the lights of every passing ship. -Omar Nelson Bradley
Albert Einstein~ No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right a single experiment can prove me wrong.
Danielle Donoho~ We can be honest without saying what we mean to say we can talk about the weather while ignoring the rain.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. -Jim Rohn
Cicero~ Never go to excess but let moderation be your guide.
Hindustani Proverb~ True nobility is in being superior to your previous self.
Sophocles~ Our happiness depends on wisdom all the way.
The world needs anger. The world often continues to allow evil because it isn't angry enough. - Bede Jarrett
Kahlil Gibran~ You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.
Comte DeBussy-Rabutin~ We are each of us angels with only one wing. And we can only fly by embracing each other.
Andr Dubus~ Shyness has a strange element of narcissism a belief that how we look how we perform is truly important to other people.
Juvenal~ One path alone leads to a life of peace The path of virtue.
It was all so different before everything changed.
Confucius~ He who will not economize will have to agonize.
Howard Aiken~ Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt.
Joy is not in things; it is in us. -Richard Wagner
You can employ men and hire hands to work for you, but you must win their hearts to have them work with you. (Tiorio)
Let no man under value the price of a virtuous woman's counsel. - George Chapman
Learn to relax. Your body is precious, as it houses your mind and spirit. Inner peace begins with a relaxed body. -Norman Vincent Peale
A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all. -Rita Mae Brown
Edwin Percy Whipple~ Cheerfulness in most cheerful people is the rich and satisfying result of strenuous discipline.
John Powell~ Let us consider the reason of the case. For nothing is law that is not reason.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Men seek but one thing in life - their pleasure.
Hasidic Saying~ Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him and then choose that way with all his strength.
Malcolm Forbes~ Educations purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Homer~ Wide-sounding Zeus takes away half a mans worth on the day when slavery comes upon him.
Nancy Davis Reagan~ A woman is like a tea bag - you cant tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
If you laugh a lot, when you get older your wrinkles will be in the right places. (Andrew Mason)
Rita Mae Brown~ I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.
While there's life, there's hope! -Roman saying
The ship is safer in the harbour, but it is not meant for that.
B. B. King~ Nobody loves me but my mother and she could be jivin~ too.
Horace Mann~ A teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on a cold iron.
Proverb~ If you love it let it go. If it returns to you cherish it if not it was never truly yours.
Sir Walter Scott~ He that climbs the tall tree has won right to the fruit.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Enjoy when you can and endure when you must.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. -Alan Kay
Queen Christina~ It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always this occupation ought to last as long as life.
I've learned that you should never say no to a gift from a child. - Andy Rooney
I believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail. -William Faulkner
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. -Dr. Suess
Fred Hoyle~ There is a coherent plan in the universe though I dont know what its a plan for.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Too much sanity may be madness. And maddest of all to see life as it is and not as it should be
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. - Anonymous
People who have heard me sing, say I don't. (Mark Twain)
When you shoot an arrow of truth, dip its point in honey. (An old Arab proverb)
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ Never do anything that you arent prepared to face the true consequences of.
Sir Laurence Kerr Olivier~ I take a simple view of life keep your eyes open and get on with it.
George Orwell~ Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in ones mind simultaneously and accepting both of them.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ There are always survivors at a massacre. Among the victors if nowhere else.
Eugene Benge~ Life without a friend is death without a witness.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.
A careless word may kindle strife. A cruel word may wreck a life. A timely word may level stress. A loving word may heal and bless.
A child will perform from their mind for their coach/teacher, but for a parent they perform from their heart.
Unknown~ Great minds think independently not alike.
My best friend and I can do anything or nothing and have the best time.
Anonymous~ May no portent of evil be attached to the words I say.
Brooks Atkinson~ Dont condescend to unskilled labor. Try it for half a day first.
Marquis de Condorcet~ Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ To greed all nature is insufficient. - Hercules Oetaeus
Thomas Fuller~ If thou are a master be sometimes blind if a servant sometimes deaf.
Zeal without humanity is like a ship without a rudder, liable to be stranded at any moment. - Owen Felltham
When you hear a kind word spoken about a friend, tell her so.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough. (Rabindranath Tagore)
People want the front of the bus; back of the church and centre of attention.
Knowledge is that which is acquired by learning. Wisdom is knowing what to do with it?
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. -Norman Schwarzkopf
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
We own almost all our knowledge not to those who have agreed but to those who have differed. - Charles Caleb Colton
James Howell~ All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Rick Moranis~ Evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
Robert Frost~ Home is the place where when you have to go there They have to take you in.
Malaclypse the Younger~ Tis an ill wind that blows no minds.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ Do whats right. Do it right. Do it right now.
Victor Frankl~ The last of the human freedoms is to choose ones attitudes.
The curiosity to know things has been given to man as a scourge. - Apocrypha
Gloria Gaither~ Memories important yesterdays were once todays. Treasure and notice today.
Endre Balogh~ The man we call a specialist today was formerly called a man with a one-track mind.
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed. -Robert Collier
Meryl Streep~ The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy.
Chaucer~ Theres never a new fashion but its old.
Charles Spencer~ Genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.
Kahlil Gibran~ Coming generations will learn equality from poverty and love from woes.
Margaret Fuller~ Art can only be truly Art by presenting an adequate outward symbol of some fact in the interior life.
Donnie Brasco~ Lefty When they send for you you go in alive you come out dead and its your best friend that does it.
A good rest is half the work. -Yugoslav Proverb.
John Keats~ There is a budding morrow in midnight.
Peter Ustinov~ The point of living and of being an optimist is to be foolish enough to believe the best is yet to come.
You don't lose if you get knocked down, you lose if you stay down.
Golda Meir~ It is true we have won all our wars but we have paid for them. We dont want victories anymore.
Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. -C C Colton
Philip~ You have to lead people gently toward what they already know is right.
Publilius Syrus~ Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Mary OHara~ Love cannot survive if you just give it scraps of yourself scraps of your time scraps of your thoughts.
Madame de Tencin~ Never refuse any advance of friendship for if nine out of ten bring you nothing one alone may repay you.
Conan Doyle~ ...when you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains however improbable must be the truth.
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use. (Wendell Johnson)
Coming to America~ Tough girl Im almost single my husbands on death row.
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends. -Japanese Proverb
Ask a question and you're a fool for three minutes; do not ask a question and you're a fool for the rest of your life. (Chinese proverb)
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them. -Broderick Crawford
Ruth Westheimer~ Our way is not soft grass its a mountain path with lots of rocks. But it goes upward forward toward the sun.
Anthelme Brillat-Savarin~ The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star.
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time. - Joe Girard
Good judgment comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
The act of writing is the act of discovering what you believe. -David Hare
George Bernard Shaw~ There is only one religion though there are a hundred versions of it.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
I've learned that simple walks with my father, around the block on summer nights when I was a child, did wonders for me as an adult. - Andy Rooney
Johann von Goethe~ Difficulties increase the nearer we approach our goal.
We could accomplish a lot more if we'd get rid of our ifs and and's; and get off our butts.
Genuine change is never a function of dominance, or even education, but of empathy and common ground. -Alan Briskin
French Proverb~ No one is so generous as he who has nothing to give.
Henry Miller~ How different the new order would be if we could consult the veteran instead of the politician.
Sigmund Freud~ Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have so to speak pawned a part of their narcissism.
Budd Schulberg~ You dont understand. I could have had class. I could have been a contender.
There is a difference between ignorance and stupidity. Ignorance can be cured by learning and reading. Stupidity isn't willing to be cured.
Men do not die from overwork. They die from dissipation and worry. -Charles Evans Hughes
Jerry Coleman~ Thats the fourth extra base hit for the Padres - two doubles and a triple.
Robert J. Sawyer~ You cant choose the ways in which youll be tested.
Sherlock Holmes~ When you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains however improbable must be the truth.
Brenda Ueland~ Think of yourself as an incandescent power illuminated and perhaps forever talked to by God and his messengers.
Joan Rivers~ The first time I see a jogger smiling Ill consider it.
George Bernard Shaw~ If history repeats itself and the unexpected always happens how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
Terence~ While theres life theres hope.
Where you start is not as important as where you finish. -Zig Ziglar
Marilyn vos Savant~ Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Are you green and growing or ripe and rotting?. -Ray Kroc
Earl Warren~ I always turn to the sports pages first which records peoples accomplishments. The front page has nothing but mans failures.
Shannon Miller~ Other people may not have high expectations of me But I have high expectations for myself.
Dorothy Allison~ Change when it comes cracks everything open.
Albert Einstein~ If A equals success then the formula is A equals X plus Y plus Z. X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut.
Glaser and Way~ The problem with any unwritten law is that you dont know where to go to erase it.
Plutarch~ Know how to listen and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Sir Winston Churchill~ It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.
Herman Melville~ We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men.
French Proverb~ If youth but had the knowledge and old age the strength.
Anacreon~ I both love and do not love and am mad and not mad.
Joe Moore~ Before borrowing money from a friend its best to decide which you need most.
Dandemis~ Do not condemn the judgement of another because it differs from your own. You may both be wrong.
Mark Twain~ The trouble isnt that there are too many fools but that the lightning isnt distributed right.
Dolly Parton~ The way I see it if you want the rainbow you gotta put up the rain.
John Cheever~ The deep joy we take in the company of people with whom we have just recently fallen in love is undisguisable.
Terence~ Of my friends I am the only one I have left.
Sports are 90% inspiration and 10% perspiration. -Johnny Miller
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. -William A. Ward
Indira Nehru Gandhi~ All my games were political games I was like Joan of Arc perpetually being burned at the stake.
With someone holding nothing but trumps it is impossible to play cards. - Proverb
Henry David Thoreau~ It takes two to speak truth - One to speak and another to hear.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Men in no way approach so nearly to the gods as in doing good to men.
Earl Riney~ The stars are constantly shining but often we do not see them until the dark hours.
Phillips Brooks~ The more man becomes irradiated with the Divinity of Christ the more not the less truly he is man.
Cyril Northcote Parkinson~ Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
Aeschylus~ For not many men the proverb saith can love a friend whom fortune prospereth unenvying.
Charles Schaefer~ We are never more fully alive more completely ourselves or more deeply engrossed in anything than when we are playing.
David Shire~ You can sort of be married you can sort of be divorced you can sort of be living together but you cant sort of have a baby.
Those who do not find time for exercise will have to find time for illness.
Sophocles~ To err from the right path is common to mankind.
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival. -Sir Winston Churchill
Good clothes open all doors. - Thomas Fuller
Kahlil Gibran~ I am indeed rich since my income is superior to my expense and my expense is equal to my wishes.
You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them. -Albert Camus
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can. -Henry Drummond
Hermann Hesse~ Eternity is a mere moment just long enough for a joke.
Donald Harington~ There is only one way to come into this world there are too many ways to leave it.
Rose Lane~ Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we dont even remember leaving open.
I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. -Anne Frank
Saint Jerome~ It is worse still to be ignorant of your ignorance.
Character develops itself in the stream of life. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes. -Mark Twain
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. -Andrew Carnegie
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
Ecclesiasticus Bible~ A faithful friend is a strong defense and he that hath found such an one hath found a treasure.
Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want. -Anthony Robbins
Roosevelt Eleanor~ You always admire what you really dont understand.
Thomas Peters~ Formula for success Underpromise and overdeliver.
It is nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.
Jacob August Riis~ The more I live the more I think that humor is the saving sense.
Horace~ The covetous man is ever in want.
Charlotte Whitton~ Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily this is not difficult.
H.L. Mencken~ Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Mel Brooks~ Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
A moment on the lips, an eternity on the hips.
English Proverb~ Advice is least heeded when most needed.
Success is not access to excess. -Unknown Author
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Charles Caleb Colton~ If you would be known and not know vegetate in a village If you would know and not be known live in a city.
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before. -James Buckham
Irvin Shrewsbury Cobb~ A good storyteller is a person who has a good memory and hopes other people havent.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. -Anonymous (Greek Proverb). - Greek Proverb
The difference between a mountain and a molehill is your perspective. -Al Neuharth
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent full of doubt. -Bertrand Russell
William J. Clinton~ I tried marijuana once. I did not inhale.
Fear of death has been the greatest ally of tyranny past and present. -Sydney Hook
He who knows others is learned. He who knows himself is wise. (Lao Tse 604-531 BC)
To the sick, while there is life there is hope. -Marcus T. Cicero
A man who strains himself on the stage is bound, if he is any good, to strain all the people sitting in the stalls. - Bertolt Brecht
Audre Lorde~ Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge.
Epictetus~ The good or ill of a man lies within his own will.
Zora Neale Hurston~ There is something about poverty that smells like death.
Albert Camus~ You know what charm is a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.
Failing to plan is a plan to fail. -Effie Jones
Cessation of work is not accompanied by cessation of expenses. -Cato The Elder
John Buchan~ An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Building castles in the air and making yourself a laughing-stock.
Joan Baez~ The easiest kind of relationship for me is with ten thousand people. The hardest is with one.
Ingrid Bergman~ A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Celebrate what you want to see more of. -Thomas J. Peters
Jean Nidetch~ Its choice - not chance - that determines your destiny.
Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. - Geogre Saville
Roger Zelazny~ When your bow is broken and your last arrow spent then shoot shoot with your whole heart.
We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it. -Abraham Lincoln
The Dhammapada~ Speak the truth do not yield to anger give if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
Lawana Blackwell~ For all their strength men were sometimes like little children.
Sir Winston Churchill~ I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision. -Peter Drucker
William Shakespeare~ In time we hate that which we often fear.
H.L. Mencken~ After all all he did was string together a lot of old well-known quotations.
Even knowledge has to be in the fashion, and where it is not, it is wise to affect ignorance. - The Art of Worldy Wisdom, 1647. - Baltasar Gracian
German proverb~ The wise man has long ears and a short tongue.
Walter Pater~ What we have to do is to be forever curiously testing new opinions and courting new impressions.
William Shakespeare~ The worst is not So long as we can say This is the worst.
Benjamin Disraeli~ A precedent embalms a principle.
Dave Barry~ You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
Stride and strut goeth before a fall; tried and true goeth before a raise.
Before you can break out of prison, you must realize that you are locked up.
Aristotle~ Law is order and good law is good order.
Charles Caleb Colton~ Deliberate with caution but act with decision and yield with graciousness or oppose with firmness.
It is hard to face the problem, when the problem is your face.
Unknown~ Dont cry because its over smile because it happened.
Kelvin III Throop~ Isnt it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists
The best things in life aren't things. (Art Buchwald)
Mark Twain~ Often the surest way to convey misinformation is to tell the strict truth.
Mediocrity is self-inflicted. Genius is self-bestowed. -Walter Russell
Most people want to serve God - but only in an advisory capacity.
Inigo DeLeon~ The cure for writers cramp is writers block.
Zig Ziglar~ Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.
Charles De Gaulle~ The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
Herodotus~ In soft regions are born soft men.
Richard Whately~ Curiosity is as much the parent of attention as attention is of memory.
Nelson Mendela~ We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.
Carpe per diem - seize the check. - Robin Williams
Truthfulness is the main element of character. -Brian Tracy
Nothing in the world is more haughty than a man of moderate capacity when once raised to power. - Baron Wessenberg
George Will~ Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence.
George Santayana~ Nonsense is so good only because common sense is so limited.
Arabic Proverb~ All sunshine makes a desert.
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ Faith - is the Pierless Bridge Supporting what We see Unto the Scene that We do not.
Honore de Balzac~ I am a galley slave to pen and ink.
Why do we look in our handkerchiefs after blowing our nose?
Quintilian~ Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish.
Ancient Simian Proverb~ What one fool can do another can.
Thought is a dangerous thing; it makes one see that the popular notions of society are wrong. - Jon R. Sime
Danish proverb~ An ounce of blood is worth more than a pound of friendship.
Patrick Henry~ The great object is that every man be armed. ... Every one who is able may have a gun.
Anouk Aimee~ You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older.
Ameer Sadet Mahdy~ If your only measure of value is color then you shall never appreciate the transparence of diamonds.
If someone says can't, that shows you what to do. -John Cage
Robert South~ If there be any truer measure of a man than by what he does it must be by what he gives.
Al Capone~ Vote early and vote often.
Eric Hoffer~ When people are free to do as they please they usually imitate each other.
Oprah Winfrey~ What were all striving for is authenticity a spirit-to-spirit connection.
William Shakespeare~ Lady you berefit me of all words Only my blood speaks to you in my veins And there is such confusion in my powers.
Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C mean?
Confucius~ To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage or of principle.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Tradition is a guide and not a jailer.
Publilius Syrus~ Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Angels fly because they take themselves lightly. -G.k Chesterton
Baltasar Gracian~ Know how to ask. There is nothing more difficult for some people nor for others easier.
Nobody plans to fail, they just fail to plan.
Benjamin Franklin~ Three may keep a secret if two of them are dead.
Emil Brunner~ What oxygen is to the lungs such is hope to the meaning of life.
Annie Gottlieb~ We challenge each other to be funnier and smarter.
Samuel Johnson~ As gold which he cannot spend will make no man rich so knowledge which he cannot apply will make no man wise.
Arthur C. Clarke~ I dont pretend we have all the answers. But the questions are certainly worth thinking about.
If you want a thing well done, do it yourself. (Charles Haddon Spurgeon)
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you, never excuse yourself. -Henry Ward Beecher
To get out of a difficulty, one usually must go through it.
Xenophon~ The sweetest of all sounds is praise.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out... - Robert Collier
Come to the edge/ No, we will fall/ Come to the edge/ No, we will fall/ They came./ He pushed them. And they flew. -Guillaume Apollinaire
Adult: A person who has stopped growing at both ends and is now growing in the middle.
Maureen Murphy~ The reason there are so few female politicians is that it is too much trouble to put makeup on two faces.
Ukranian Proverb~ Love tells us many things that are not so.
Agatha Christie~ An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have the older she gets the more interested he is in her.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ Its a job thats never started that takes the longest to finish.
Robert Staughton Lynd~ The telephone is the greatest nuisance among conveniences the greatest convenience among nuisances.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Whenever A annoys or injures B on the pretense of saving or improving X A is a scoundrel.
Horace Mann~ It is more difficult and it calls for higher energies of soul to live a martyr than to die one.
When a fellow says it ain't the money but the principle of the thing, it's the money. -Artemus Ward
Greater is he who acts from love than he who acts from fear. -Simeon Ben Eleazar
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain. -Marcus Aurelius
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
Matthew Arnold~ Truth sits upon the lips of dying men.
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. -Barbara DeAngelis
Persian Proverb~ The loveliest of faces are to be seen by moonlight when one sees half with the eye and half with the fancy.
Jesus paid a debt he didn't owe because we had a debt we couldn't pay.
History repeats itself, but each time the price goes up.
William Bull Halsey~ There are no extraordinary men...just extraordinary circumstances that ordinary men are forced to deal with.
Arnold Bennett~ Falsehood often lurks upon the tongue of him who by self-praise seeks to enhance his value in the eyes of others.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Talent is only the starting point. -Irving Berlin
John Boyle OReilly~ A dreamer lives forever And a toiler dies in a day.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Men are what their mothers made them.
Horace~ With you I should love to live with you be ready to die.
William Shakespeare~ The attempt and not the deed Confounds us.
Upon our children - how they are taught - rests the fate - or fortune - of tomorrow's world. -B C Forbes
Life is a promise; fulfill it. -Mother Teresa
The better work men do is always done under stress and at great personal cost. -William Carlos Williams
English Proverb~ In the morning be first up and in the evening last to go to bed for they that sleep catch no fish.
Chinese Proverb~ Enjoy yourself. Its later than you think.
Mark Twain~ The very ink with which history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
Whoever acquires knowledge and does not practice it resembles him who ploughs his land and leaves it unsown. (Gulistan 1258)
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so. -Charles De Gaulle
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ It is only with the heart that one can see rightly what is essential is invisible to the eye.
George Santayana~ There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
If you could kick the person responsible for most of your troubles in the backside, you wouldn't be able to sit down for two weeks.
Henry Adams~ There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence.
Robert F. Goheen~ If you have both feet planted on level ground then the university has failed you.
Dominique Bouhours~ Money is a good servant but a poor master.
To every complex problem there is an easy answer; and it is wrong!
Morale is when your hands and feet keep on working when your head says it can't be done. -Benjamin Morrell
He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity. - Ben Jonson
Why fools are endowed by nature with voices so much louder than sensible people possess is a mystery. It is a fact emphasized throughout history.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. - James Allen
Why is it that no matter what color of bubble bath you use the bubbles are always clear?
Bertrand Russell~ Man needs for his happiness not only the enjoyment of this or that but hope and enterprise and change.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Tonight-to you the great silent majority of my fellow Americans-I ask for your support. (On his Vietnam War policy)
UGLINESS, n. A gift of the gods to certain women, entailing virtue without humility. - Elayne Boosler
Dennis Martin~ Its the Brady Act taking manpower and crime-fighting capability off the streets.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Love is the essence of God.
You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give. -Kahlil Gibran
Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for. -Earl Warren
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. (Leo Aikman)
Leaders help others to succeed. (Erin Templet)
Ephesians Bible New Testament~ Let not the sun go down upon your wrath.
Anybody who thinks talk is cheap never argued with a traffic cop.
Herbert Henry Asquith~ Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life.
Roger Baldwin~ The smallest deed is better than the grandest intention.
W. C. Fields~ Some weasel took the cork out of my lunch.
Flowers will not grow but die if they don't get rained on every once in a while.
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost. -George Shultz
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Cher~ If grass can grow through cement love can find you at every time in your life.
Seneca~ If virtue precede us every step will be safe.
Adlai Ewing Stevenson~ In America anybody can be president. Thats one of the risks you take.
A wise person escapes temptation and leaves no forwarding address.
Lady Bird Johnson~ No news at a.m. is good.
George Moore~ A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
Samuel Beckett~ Vladimir That passed the time. Estragon It would have passed in any case. Vladimir Yes but not so rapidly.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. -Willa Cather
Rita Mae Brown~ Language exerts hidden power like a moon on the tides.
Dave Barry~ I realize that Im generalizing here but as is often the case when I generalize I dont care.
Cristina Rose Schumacher~ Do today what you usually cant do and save the frequent and usual things for tomorrow.
Sit quietly, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself. -A Zen Saying
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on. -Rabindranath Tagore
There is no way of keeping profits up but by keeping wages down. - David Ricardo
Joseph Addison~ Ones religion is whatever he is most interested in and yours is Success.
Friends are born, not made. -Henry Adams
Kahlil Gibran~ To be able to look back upon ones life in satisfaction is to live twice.
Sigmund Freud~ We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.
Jean Kerr~ If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs its just possible you havent grasped the situation.
A true friend reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Unlike presidential administrations problems rarely have terminal dates.
Do what you fear most and you control fear. -Tom Hopkins
He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help. -Abraham Lincoln
Two human loves make one divine. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Juvenal~ You should pray for a sound mind in a sound body.
John Sloan Dickey~ There is no more vulnerable human combination than an undergraduate.
Ordinary riches can be stolen: real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you. -Oscar Wilde
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Our thoughts take the wildest flight; even at the moment when they should arrange themselves in thoughtful order. -Lord Byron
Robert Anthony~ Most people would rather be certain theyre miserable than risk being happy.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all. (Edward de Bono)
We're all stumbling towards the light with varying degrees of grace at any given moment. -Bo Lozoff
Michael Kamen~ We composers are at least as significant as the stars who make million or million. You just dont see us.
Jane Austen~ One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other.
I am so glad God sees the whole video tape of my life, and not just a snapshot of where I am now.
W. Edwards Deming~ If you cant describe what you are doing as a process you dont know what youre doing.
James Grover Thurber~ You can fool too many of the people too much of the time.
Respect is love in plain clothes. - Frankie Byrne
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ I believe in the forgiveness of sin and the redemption of ignorance.
Dream big and dare to fail. -Norman D. Vaughan
John L. Motley~ Deeds not stones are the true monuments of the great.
Franklin P. Jones~ Nothing changes your opinion of a friend so surely as success - yours or his.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance-it is the illusion of knowledge. -Daniel J Boorstin
Hermann Hesse~ To die is to go into the Collective Unconscious to lose oneself in order to be transformed into form pure form.
Edmund Burke~ He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist in our helper.
We crucify ourselves between two thieves- regret for yesterday and fear of tomorrow.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ People say that life is the thing but I prefer reading.
Harry S Truman~ If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Jerry Garcia~ Whats been great about the human race gives you a sense of how great you might get how far you can reach.
Samuel Butler~ It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all.
Confucius~ The wheel of fortune turns round incessantly and who can say to himself I shall to-day be uppermost.
Gerald W. Grummet~ While intelligent people can often simplify the complex a fool is more likely to complicate the simple.
Jonathan Swift~ Faith he must make his stories shorter Or change his comrades once a quarter.
Never wrestle with a pig. You both get all dirty, and the pig likes it.
bell hooks~ The moment we choose to love we begin to move towards freedom...
Confucius~ Study the past if you would define the future.
Japanese Proverb~ Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ Happiness is not a reward-it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment-it is a result.
Henry Commager~ If our democracy is to flourish it must have criticism if our government is to function it must have dissent.
Erica Jong~ Jealousy is all the fun you think they had.
For the truly faithful, no miracle is necessary. For those who doubt, no miracle is sufficient. -Nancy Gibbs
William James~ The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes of mind.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ We should often be ashamed of our finest actions if the world understood our motives.
Niels Henrik David Bohr~ Sometimes the child in one behaves a certain way and the rest of oneself follows behind slowly shaking its head.
Kathy Mohnke~ Marriage is like vitamins we supplement each others minimum daily requirements.
An expert is a man that has made all mistakes possible in a narrow field of expertise (Albert Einstein)
Peter Drucker~ The most important thing in communication is to hear what isnt being said.
J. K. Rowling~ Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
Michael Crichton~ Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
John Wooden~ Ability may get you to the top but it takes character to keep you there.
Conan Doyle~ You see but you do not observe.
Lord Chesterfield~ If you are not in fashion you are nobody.
Niels Bohr~ Your theory is crazy but its not crazy enough to be true.
Jean Giraudoux~ The flower is the poetry of reproduction. It is an example of the eternal seductiveness of life.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. -Chinese proverb
What is listed as the hair colour on a drivers license of a bald headed man?
Live out of your imagination, not your history. -Stephen Covey
For fast acting relief try slowing down. -Lily Tomlin
Martin Luther King Jr.~ We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Unknown~ Keep your conscious mind focused on what you want and your subconscious mind will unerringly guide you to it.
You do not lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
If you can learn from hard knocks, you can also learn from soft touches. - Mannequin: My Life as a Model. - Carolyn Kenmore
If you are not part of the solution, you are part of the precipitate.
Max McGee~ When its third and ten you can take the milk drinkers and Ill take the whiskey drinkers every time.
Mark Twain~ When you cannot get a compliment any other way pay yourself one.
Salman Rushdie~ A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it ignore it or offer your own version in return.
Sydney Smith~ Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.
He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help. (Abraham Lincoln)
Mignon McLaughlin~ In the arithmetic of love one plus one equals everything and two minus one equals nothing.
Dorothy Parker~ The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
William Shakespeare~ Praising what is lost makes the remembrance dear.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Oh sleep It is a gentle thing Beloved from pole to pole.
Josh Billings~ About the most originality that any writer can hope to achieve honestly is to steal with good judgment.
Blowing out another's candle will not make yours shine brighter.
Ernest Hemingway~ Be fully in the momentopen yourself to the powerful energies dancing around you.
Sophocles~ Truly to tell lies is not honorable but when the truth entails tremendous ruin To speak dishonorably is pardonable.
Walter S. Robertson~ The only way to get rid of responsibilities is to discharge them.
Benjamin Disraeli~ There are three kinds of lies lies damned lies and statistics.
Karl Marx~ Reason has always existed but not always in a reasonable form.
P. J. ORourke~ Never fight an inanimate object.
Responsibility is the price of freedom. -Elbert Hubbard
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus~ Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading.
Johann von Goethe~ Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward. They may be beaten but they may start a winning game.
Dumb & Dumber~ Lloyd What are the chances of a guy like you and a girl like me... ending up together
Holly Lisle~ I would rather be right and die than be wrong and kill.
Victor Hugo~ Dream no small dreams. They have no power to stir the souls of men.
Dan Quayle~ What a waste it is to lose ones mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is.
Henry Ward Beecher~ You never know till you try to reach them how accessible men are but you must approach each man by the right door.
A sad Texan once prayed, "Lord, I wish you would make it rain - not so much for me, I've seen it - but for my 7-year-old."
A wise man sees as much as he should, not as much as he can.
Yassir Arafat~ Choose your friends carefully. Your enemies will choose you.
Dag Hammarskjld~ The longest journey is the journey inward.
Attitudes are more important than facts. -Karl A. Menninger
One often learns more from ten days of agony than from ten years of contentment. (Merle Shain)
Rupert Brooke~ A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
Just go out there and do what you've got to do. -Martina Navratilova
Malcolm Forbes~ Keeping score of old scores and scars getting even and one-upping always make you less than you are.
A kind and compassionate act is often its own reward. - William John Bennett
Danish proverb~ Never advise anyone to go to war or to marry.
He who knows he has enough is rich. -Lao-tzu
A dream is just a dream. A goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline. (Harvey Mackay)
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -Sam Goldwyn
John Christian Bovee~ Discretion is the salt and fancy the sugar of life the one preserves the other sweetens it.
Elbert Hubbard~ The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it cant be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
Cicero~ In men of the highest character and noblest genius there is to be found an insatiable desire for honour command power and glory.
Jerry Coleman~ If Pete Rose brings the Reds in first they ought to bronze him and put him in cement.
Robert Orben~ Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
Aldous Huxley~ An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
Sri da Avabhas~ Mans mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ Every time an artist dies part of the vision of mankind passes with him.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Protagoras~ Man is the measure of all things.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings. -Henry David Thoreau
German proverb~ To change and to change for the better are two different things.
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back. -Unknown Author
Chickens: The only animals you eat before they are born and after they are dead.
Proverbs a Bible~ He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly...
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Henry David Thoreau~ The man for whom law exists - the man of forms the Conservative is a tame man.
If the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't. -Lyall Watson
Michel de Montaigne~ There is no conversation more boring than the one where everybody agrees.
La Rochefoucauld~ We are all strong enough to endure the misfortunes of others.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the infinite. - George Bancroft
The greatest possession we have costs nothing, it's known as love. -Brian Jett
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life. -Mark Twain
Henny Youngman~ If youre going to do something tonight that youll be sorry for tomorrow morning....sleep late.
Mother Theresa~ Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
Seek first to understand and then to be understood. -Stephen Covey
The noble Lord (Stanley) was the Prince Rupert to the Parliamentary army - his valour did not always serve his own cause. - Benjamin Disraeli
Beware the anger of the dove. [Fr., Craignez la colere de la colombe.] - Proverb
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed. -Chinese Proverb
The last suit that you wear, you don't need any pockets. -Wayne Dyer
I am neither an optimist nor pessimist, but a possibilist. -Max Lerner
Duke Ellington~ A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Vincent Van Gogh~ Our greatest glory consists not in never failing but in rising every time we fall.
CaddyShack~ Carl Spackler ITS IN THE HOLE.
Of course I know how to copy disks. Where's the xerox machine?
Leonardo DaVinci~ Intellectual passion dries out sensuality.
Isaiah IX. Bible~ A little one shall become a thousand and a small one a strong nation.
Smile when it hurts most. - D.a. Chapple
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward. They may be beaten but they may start a winning game.
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger. (Franklin P. Jones)
Joseph Campbell~ I dont believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.
Voltaire~ Men are equal it is not birth but virtue that makes the difference.
Thomas Love Peacock~ Names are changed more readily than doctrines and doctrines more readily than ceremonies.
Louise Nevelson~ It is as hard to take success as it is failure.
Jo Coudert~ The more deeply the path is etched the more it is used and the more it is used the more deeply it etched.
Will Cuppy~ Some people lose all respect for the lion unless he devours them instantly. There is no pleasing some people.
Peter Ustinov~ Love is an act of endless forgiveness a tender look which becomes a habit.
He who dies with the most toys, is, nonetheless, still dead.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. -Nelson Mandela
Mikhail Bakunin~ The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.
Blaise Pascal~ Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
Jessamyn West~ A broken bone can heal but the wound a word opens can fester forever.
William Shakespeare~ Thou shouldst not have been old till thou hadst been wise.
Marcel Proust~ The only paradise is paradise lost.
You can observe a lot by watching. -Yogi Berra
Don't compute and drive; the life you save may be your own.
Muhammad Ali~ Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
I pray without ceasing now. My personal prayer is: Make me an instrument which only truth can speak. -Pilgrims
Mel Brooks~ Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Percival Arland Ussher~ A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man.
Henry J. Tillman~ Oregano is the spice of life.
W. C. Fields~ I always keep a supply of stimulant handy in case I see a snake - which I also keep handy.
Publius Celsus~ There is no legal obligation to perform impossibilities.
We don't want a thing because we have found a reason for it- we find a reason for it because we want it.
Strive for perfection in everything you do. Take the best that exists and make it better. When it does not exist, design it.
Wealth is enjoying what we already have, not getting more of what we think will make us happy. -Peter Mcwilliams
James Gordon~ Its not that some people have willpower and some dont. Its that some people are ready to change and others are not.
Charles Francis Adams Sr.~ In this country men seem to live for action as long as they can and sink into apathy when they retire.
Change in all things is sweet. -Aristotle
Lord Nelson~ England expects that every man will do his duty.
Self-reliance is the only road to true freedom, and being one's own person is its ultimate reward. - Patricia Sampson
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ To read means to borrow to create out of ones readings is paying off ones debts.
Be as you wish to seem. -Socrates
To each man is reserved a work which he alone can do. -Susan Blow
When I thought I couldn't go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck. -Norman Lear
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are, the more leisure we have. -William Hazlitt
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes. -Kenneth Hildebrand
Benjamin Franklin~ They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
The fact that you are willing to say, "I do not understand, and it is fine," is the greatest understanding you could exhibit. -Wayne Dyer
The church is looking for better methods. God is looking for better men.
The truth shall make you free. -The Bible, John 8
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible to others. -Jonathan Swift
Pancho Villa~ Dont let it end like this. Tell them I said something.
Karl Kraus~ He who does without the praise of the crowd will not deny himself an opportunity to be his own adherent.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
Larry Hardiman~ The word politics is derived from the word poly~ meaning many~ and the word ticks~ meaning blood sucking parasites.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton~ The same refinement which brings us new pleasures exposes us to new pains.
Aeschylus~ I know how men in exile feed on dreams of hope.
Jean Cocteau~ Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ As soon as you trust yourself you will know how to live.
Jon Bentley~ Brilliance is typically the act of an individual but incredible stupidity can usually be traced to an organization.
Alfred Jarry~ We believe that the applause of silence is the only kind that counts.
Niccolo Machiavelli~ When neither their property nor their honor is touched the marjority of men live content.
Ellen Glasgow~ Violence commands both literature and life and violence is always crude and distorted.
Robert E. Lee~ It is well that war is so terrible or we should grow too fond of it.
Laertius Diogenes~ He used to say that it was better to have one friend of great value than many friends who were good for nothing.
David McCullough~ Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
John F. Kennedy~ Forgive your enemies but never forget their names.
Van Wyck Brooks~ The creative impulses of man are always at war with the possessive impulses.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions. (William F. Scolavino)
What we fight against defines us as clearly as all we embrace.
You can come to understand your purpose in life by slowing down and feeling your heart's desires. -Marcia Wieder
You can't take it with you when you go. -Proverb
Richard Feynman~ The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool.
Stan Dunn~ And thats the world in a nutshell an appropriate receptacle.
Longinus Cassius~ Whom did it benefit.
The ability to learn faster than your competitors may be the only sustainable competitive advantage. -Peter Senge
Walter Linn~ It is surprising what a man can do when he has to and how little most men will do when they dont have to.
Dag Hammarskjld~ It is more noble to give yourself completely to one individual than to labor diligently for the salvation of the masses.
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come. - John Harrigan
Don't let the computer bugs bite!
Alistair Cooke~ Hollywood grew to be the most flourishing factory of popular mythology since the Greeks.
Mahatma Gandhi~ Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat for it is momentary.
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress. -Nicholas Murray Butler
James Boswell~ I have found you an argument I am not obliged to find you an understanding.
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness. -Dan Millman
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich. -John F. Kennedy
Conrad Hilton~ Success seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes but they dont quit.
Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction. -Ann Frank
Pericles~ Trees though they are cut and lopped grow up again quickly but if men are destroyed it is not easy to get them again.
The greater danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we hit it. -Michelangelo
Robert South~ Defeat should never be a source of discouragement but rather a fresh stimulus.
Kelly Le Brock~ On her first meeting with he ex-husband Steven Seagal He reminded me of an alien.
Sometimes I know that there is intelligent life on other planets because they haven't tried to contact us.
Life is a unique combination of want to and how to and we need to give equal attention to both. -Jim Rohn
Samuel Butler~ I consider being ill as one of the great pleasures of life provided one is not too ill.
Thomas Carlyle~ It is the first of all problems for a man to find out what kind of work he is to do in this universe.
Aristotle~ Of all the varieties of virtues liberalism is the most beloved.
You don't have to fear defeat if you believe it may reveal powers that you didn't know you possessed. -Napoleon Hill
Why do we act like we know what someones talking about when we have no idea?
Maya Angelou~ If you dont like something change it. If you cant change it change your attitude. Dont complain.
Edward R. Murrow~ A great many people think they are thinking when they are really rearranging their prejudices.
Daniel J. Boorstin~ There is no disinfectant like success.
The trouble with the rat race is that even when you win, you're still a rat. -Jane Wagner
Salvador Dali~ Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.
H Hahn Blavatsky~ Be humble if thou wouldst attain to Wisdom. Be humbler still when Wisdom thou hast mastered.
I am bound to furnish my antagonists with arguments, but not with comprehension. - Lord Byron (George Gordon Noel Byron)
Bum Philips~ You may not be in a class by yourself but it sure doesnt take long to call the roll.
Carl R. Rogers~ When I look at the world Im pessimistic but when I look at people I am optimistic.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is. -Isaac Asimov
Some people are bitter, some sour, others are sweet. Who you hang out with depends on your taste.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
Confucius~ Heaven means to be one with God.
Terry Pratchett~ The price of being the best is having to be the best.
Pearl Bailey~ Sometimes I would rather that people take away years from my life Than take away a moment.
Sarah Orne Jewett~ Yesm old friends is always best less you can catch a new one thats fit to make an old one out of.
Michael Jordan~ You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
La Rochefoucauld~ If we are to judge of love by the consequences it more nearly resembles hatred than friendship.
Chronicles TLB Bible~ Oh give thanks to the Lord for He is good His love and His kindness go on forever.
When a man finds no peace within himself it is useless to seek it elsewhere. -L. A. Rouchefoliocauld
Louisa May Alcott~ I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Dr. Karl Menninger~ Love is a medicine for the sickness of the world a prescription often given too rarely taken.
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov~ We shall find peace. We shall hear angels we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Find something you love to do and you'll never have to work a day in your life. -Harvey Mackay
Epicurus~ Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Nothing happens to anybody which he is not fitted by nature to bear.
Dan Quayle~ I love California I practically grew up in Phoenix.
Mahatma Gandhi~ One needs to be slow to form convictions but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds.
Anon.~ Necessity is the mother of invention.
Elbert Hubbard~ Optimism is a kind of heart stimulant - the digitalis of failure.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ What is yours is mine and all mine is yours.
Aristotle~ For the things we have to learn before we can do them we learn by doing them.
Vince Lombardi~ Football is not a contact sport its a collision sport - dancing is a contact sport.
I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country. -Nathan Hale
Jane Austen~ The enthusiasm of a womans love is even beyond the biographers.
Fred Allen~ A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
Confucius~ We take greater pains to persuade others that we are happy than in endeavoring to think so ourselves.
Charles De Gaulle~ To govern is always to choose among disadvantages.
Sir Thomas Browne~ Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude and the society of thyself.
La Rochefoucauld~ Absence lessens the minor passions and increases the great ones as the wind douses a candle and kindles a fire.
Proverbs Bible~ A mirror reflects a mans face but what he is really like is shown by the kind of friends he chooses.
If you can't convince them, confuse them. (Harry S. Truman)
Lyndon B. Johnson~ I greet you as the shapers of American society.
Granville Sharp~ Always endeavor to really be what you would wish to appear.
Work relieves us from three great evils, boredom, vice, and want. -French Proverb
Men should be what they seem. -William Shakespeare
If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others. -Haim Ginott
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Unknown Author
Doug Larson~ An optimist thinks this is the best of all worlds. A pessimist fears the same may be true.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. - Henry David Thoreau
Buddha~ Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.
Erich Fromm~ In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
Seneca~ It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
Save time ... see it my way.
Spider-Man~ Green Goblin We are who we choose to be... now CHOOSE.
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth. - John Greenleaf Whittier
Roosevelt Eleanor~ A day out-of-doors someone I loved to talk with a good book and some simple food and music - that would be rest.
Samuel Beckett~ Where I am I dont know Ill never know in the silence you dont know you must go on I cant go on Ill go on.
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman. -Doug Larson, United Feature Syndicate
W.R. Wallace~ The hand that rocks the cradleIs the hand that rules the world.
A rumor without a leg to stand on will get around some other way. - John Tudor
Nancy Spain~ There are people whom one loves immediately and forever. Even to know they are alive in the world with one is quite enough.
Socrates~ The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure. -George Sand
Coming together is a beginning, Staying together is progress, Working together is success. (Henry Ford)
We can't control the wind, but we have the power to adjust the sails.
Two kinds of gratitude: The sudden kind we feel for what we take; the larger kind we feel for what we give. -Edwin Arlington Robinson
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ Success is counted sweetest by those who neer succeed.
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself. -Norman Vincent Peale
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. (Albert Einstein)
The sole advantage of power is that you can do more good. -Baltasar Gracian
Ronald Reagan~ Ill be like Scarlett OHara-Ill think about it tomorrow.
Robert A. Heinlein~ Always listen to experts. Theyll tell you what cant be done and why. Then do it.
Let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action. -The Bible, 1 John 3
Tact is the art of making guests feel at home when that's really where you wish they were. - George E. Bergman
Jerry Coleman~ Johnny Grubb slides into second with a standup double.
Anger: an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Paul Gauguin~ I shut my eyes in order to see.
Latin Proverb~ A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
Pythagoras~ Do not talk a little on many subjects but much on a few.
Happiness is not pleasure, it's victory. -Zig Ziglar
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitable bring about right results. -James Allen
Bette Midler~ I never know how much of what I say is true.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ This world we live in is but thickened light.
Phil Jackson~ Winning is important to me but what brings me real joy is the experience of being fully engaged in whatever Im doing.
American Indian Proverb~ Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf.
Aesop~ Men often applaud an imitation and hiss the real thing.
Michael Korda~ In order to suceed We must first believe that we can.
You always succeed in producing a result. -Anthony Robbins
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul unbelief in denying them.
Jerry Coleman~ The ex-left-hander Dave Roberts will be going for Houston.
Elsa Maxwell~ Laugh at yourself first before anyone else can.
George Washington~ It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
Deane Jordan~ The Statue of Liberty is not that monuments name. It is Liberty Enlightening the World.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ All cruelty springs from weakness.
Thomas Cowan~ The man who rolls up his sleeves seldom loses his shirt.
Kerry Thornley~ What we imagine is order is merely the prevailing form of chaos.
It is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action. - Al Batt
Sally Berger~ You never saw a fish on the wall with its mouth shut.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. (John Ruskin)
It's not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean. -Anthony Robbins
Change yourself and your work will seem different. -Norman Vincent Peale
Samuel Johnson~ Every man wishes to be wise and they who cannot be wise are almost always cunning.
Johann von Neumann~ You wake me up early in the morning to tell me I am right Please wait until I am wrong.
Shirley Mount Hufstedler~ If you play it safe in life youve decided that you dont want to grow any more.
Germaine De Stael~ The human mind always makes progress but it is a progress in spirals.
There ought to be so many who are excellent, there are so few. -Janet Erskine Stuart
Everyone takes the limits of his own vision for the limits of the world. -Arthur Schopenhauer
James Baldwin~ Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
Jim Morrison~ Objects as they exist in time the clean eye and camera give us. Not falsified by seeing.
You can tell what a man is by what he does when he hasn't anything to do. -Anonymous
Norman Vincent Peale~ Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Euripides~ There is in the worst of fortune the best of chances for a happy change.
Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence. -Vincent Van Gogh
RAM disk is NOT an installation procedure.
Robinson Jeffers~ Civilization is a transient sickness.
Thorstein Veblen~ No one travelling on a business trip would be missed if he failed to arrive.
William Hazlitt~ Prosperity is a great teacher adversity a greater.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ When people agree with me I always feel that I must be wrong.
Sicilian Proverb~ Only the spoon knows what is stirring in the pot.
Dorothy L. Sayers~ A human being must have occupation if he or she is not to become a nuisance to the world.
The two basic processes of education are knowing and valuing. -Robert J. Havighurst
Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. -Les Brown
Jack Kornfield~ When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world we lose connection with one another- and ourselves.
Virgil~ Fortune favors the brave.
John Stuart Mill~ One person with a belief is equal to a force of who have only interests.
A mistake is simply another way of doing things. - Katharine Graham
An educational system isn't worth a great deal if it teaches young people how to make a living but doesn't teach them how to make a life.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ The pursuit even of the best things ought to be calm and tranquil.
John Milton~ Thou canst not touch the freedom of my mind.
Terence~ I bid him look into the lives of men as though into a mirror and from others to take an example for himself.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done. -Louis. D. Brandeis
Aeschylus~ Destiny waits alike for the free man as well as for him enslaved by anothers might.
Indian Proverb~ Call on God but row away from the rocks.
Richard J. Ferris~ It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant.
Turn the despair of being alone into the wonder of being alone with God.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Egotist a person more interested in himself than in me.
Character builds slowly, but it can be torn down with incredible swiftness. - Faith Baldwin
What is the difference between a Peeping Tom and someone who just got out of the bath? One is rude and nosy, and the other's nude and rosy.
It is what we do easily and what we like to do that we do well. -Orison Swett Marden
Woody Allen~ I took a speed reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
Groucho Marx~ Money frees you from doing things you dislike. Since I dislike doing nearly everything money is handy.
What you are will show in what you do. -Thomas Alva Edison
Martin Luther King Jr.~ A man cant ride your back unless its bent.
M. C. Escher~ What I give form to in daylight is only one per cent of what I have seen in darkness.
Poverty within is as dangerous as poverty without. (Rowan Swan)
Frank Herbert~ What do you despise By this are you truly known.
Kahlil Gibran~ What is this world that is hastening me toward I know not what viewing me with contempt
Happiness is enhanced by others but does not depend upon others.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The primary sign of a well-ordered mind is a mans ability to remain in one place and linger in his own company.
Sincerity and truth are the basis of every virtue. -Confucius
Earl Nightingale~ Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Charles W. Eliot~ In the modern world the intelligence of public opinion is the one indispensable condition for social progress.
Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle~ A great obstacle to happiness is to anticipate too great a happiness.
Don Schula~ Sure luck means a lot in football. Not having a good quarterback is bad luck.
Education is the ability to think clearly, act well in the world of work and to appreciate life. -Brigham Young
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value. (Mignon McLaughin)
Dorothee Solle~ If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something I can neither give nor receive.
The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible. -Oscar Wilde
Respect for ourselves guides our morals; respect for others guides our manners. -Laurence Sterne
Where there is no vision, people perish. -Proverbs
George Wald~ We need to make a world in which fewer children are born and in which we take better care of them.
Hannah Arendt~ Under conditions of tyranny it is far easer to act than to think.
Douglas Adams~ Ah this is obviously some strange usage of the word safe that I wasnt previously aware of.
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end. -Thomas Troward
He has hay on his horns. [Lat., Foenum habet in cornu.] - Horace (Quintus Horatius Flaccus)
Hugo De Groot~ Ignorance of certain subjects is a great part of wisdom.
You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case. -Ken Kesey
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ One mans word is no mans word we should quietly hear both sides.
Robert Frost~ I never dared to be radical when young For fear it would make me conservative when old.
Isn't wrinkled or drawn.
Unknown~ Some people succeed because they are destined to but most people succeed because they are determined to.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -Henry Ford
Abraham Lincoln~ The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just.
In the truest sense, freedom cannot be bestowed; it must be achieved. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Arlo Guthrie~ You cant have a light without a dark to stick it in.
Lily Yeamans~ Sometimes I think wed be better off blind.
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people. -Oriental Proverb
Samuel Johnson~ The world is not yet exhaused let me see something tomorrow which I never saw before.
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means. -Leo Buscaglia
Herbert Spencer~ Civilization is a progress from an indefinite incoherent homogeneity toward a definite coherent heterogeneity.
Apuleius~ Familiarity breeds contempt while rarity wins admiration.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov~ I have never seen a more lucid better balanced mad mind than mine.
Lamar Alexander~ I need to know the price of a gallon of milk and a dozen eggs. I need to know right now.
People laugh because I'm different, I laugh because they're all the same.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. -Henry Ward Beecher
Josh Billings~ A man running for office puts me in mind of a dog thats lost - he smells everybody he meets and wags himself all over.
I dream my painting and then paint my dream. -Vincent Van Gogh
Peter York~ Rock and roll is the hamburger that ate the world.
The pursuit of perfection, then, is the pursuit of sweetness and light. -Matthew Arnold
Publilius Syrus~ A suspicious mind always looks on the black side of things.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan~ The issue of race could benefit from a period of benign neglect.
I have noticed that nothing I have never said ever did me any harm. - Gandhi
Gwendolyn Brooks~ Each body has its art...
Oprah Winfrey~ Be more splendid more extraordinary. Use every moment to fill yourself up.
Edward Teller~ Two paradoxes are better than one they may even suggest a solution.
If I had my life to live over I would have burned the pink candle sculpted like a rose before it melted in storage. (Erma Bombeck)
I may be crazy but it keeps me from going insane. -Waylon Jennings
James Allen~ Work joyfully and peacefully knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results.
Kahlil Gibran~ What difference is there between us save a restless dream that follows my soul but fears to come near you
Jacques Prvert~ Let us be grateful to people who make us happy they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ Perhaps in time the so-called Dark Ages will be thought of as including our own.
The law is a rule to the fool, but a guide to the wise.
Aesop~ While I see many hoof marks going in I see none coming out. It is easier to get into the enemys toils than out again.
You can't help the poor man by destroying the rich.
Antiques are things one generation buys, the next generation gets rid off, and the following generation buys at auction at amazing prices.
No man is fit to command another that cannot command himself. -William Penn
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. -Ayn Rand
Hugh Prather~ Fear is static that prevents me from hearing my intuition.
Karin Ireland~ No one can give you authority. But if you act like you have it others will believe you do.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. -Franklin D Roosevelt
Plato~ The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
Benjamin Stolberg~ An expert is a person who avoids small error as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
Thucydides~ The sufferings that fate inflicts on us should be borne with patience what enemies inflict with manly courage.
The only way to overcome is to hang in. Even I'm starting to believe that. -Dan O'Brien
Aldo Leopold~ We face the question whether a still higher standard of living is worth its costs in things natural wild and free.
Kahlil Gibran~ God made Truth with many doors to welcome every believer who knocks on them.
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least.
Victor Hugo~ Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
The last dejected effort often becomes the winning stroke. -W.J. Cameron
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ A rising tide lifts all boats.
The worst bankruptcy in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm. -H. W. Arnold
N. P. Willis~ If there is anything that keeps the mind open to angel visits and repels the ministry of evil it is pure human love.
McAlexander~ The harder you work the luckier you get.
People need hard times and oppression to develop psychic muscles. - Frank Herbert, Dune
Jean de la Bruyere~ We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
Han Suyin~ ...love from one being to another can only be that two solitudes come nearer recognize and protect and comfort each other.
Drew Eric Whitman~ He who consistently plans each day will journey successfully through all of lifes years.
Character is what you know you are, not what others think you have. - Marva Collins
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground; but a kind word is never thrown away. (Sir Arthur Helps)
Be of use, but don't be used.
Jean Paul Richter~ Only actions give life strength only moderation gives it a charm.
Jules Renard~ I dont know if God exists but it would be better for His reputation if He didnt.
Where you're going is more important than where you stand.
The trodden path is the safest. - Legal Maxim
Summer vacation is a time when parents realize that teachers are grossly underpaid.
Publilius Syrus~ No man is happy who does not think himself so.
Matthew Prior~ They talk most who have the least to say.
William Wordsworth~ Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop Than when we soar.
People who want the most approval get the least and people who need approval the least get the most. -Wayne Dyer
I used to want to pack as much as I could into my life, but now I realize it's more about quality of life than quantity. (Sharon Stone)
Publilius Syrus~ Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
Nathan Hale~ I regret that I have but one life to give for my country.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Technology means the systematic application of scientific or other organized knowledge to practical tasks.
The winning team has a dedication. It will have a core of veteran players who set the standards. They will not accept defeat. -Merlin Olsen
Joe E. Lewis~ You only live once - but if you work it right once is enough.
Dorothy L. Sayers~ The worst sin - perhaps the only sin - passion can commit is to be joyless.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Nothing is so bitter that a calm mind cannot find comfort in it.
Mao Zedong~ All reactionaries are paper tigers.
The last thing we decide in writing a book is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal
A. A. Milne~ One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
Groucho Marx~ Those are my principles and if you dont like them... well I have others.
Two things a man should never be angry at: what he can help, and what he cannot help. Clarendon -Thomas Fuller. - Thomas Fuller
William Makepeace Thackeray~ Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Anais Nin~ The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
Unknown~ Listen to life it is the wisest teacher of all.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ It takes a big man to cry but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.
Richard Jefferies~ Never never rest contented with any circle of ideas but always be certain that a wider one is still possible.
William Blake~ The bird a nest the spider a web man friendship.
Ask not what tomorrow may bring, but count as blessing every day that fate allows you. -Horace
Bette Davis~ Pleasure of love lasts but a moment Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
Nelson Mandela~ A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The years teach much which the days never knew.
Those who do not know how to weep with their whole heart, don't know how to laugh either. (Golda Meir)
No passion so effectually robs the mind of its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke
Evan Esar~ Most new books are forgotten within a year especially by those who borrow them.
Simeon Strunsky~ If you want to understand democracy spend less time in the library with Plato and more time in the buses with people.
The best way to predict your future is to create it. -Stephen Covey
Swordfish~ Stan Bad guy cant win. Its a morality tale. One way or the other - hes gotta go down.
Jonathan Swift~ It is in men as in soils where sometimes there is a vein of gold which the owner knows not of.
Ronald David Laing~ We have to realize that we are as deeply afraid to live and to love as we are to die.
Charles Wadsworth~ By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right he usually has a son who thinks hes wrong.
Sophocles~ Grief teaches the steadiest minds to waver.
Sophocles~ Death is not the worst rather in vain To wish for death and not to compass it.
Vachel Lindsay~ Never be a cynic even a gentle one. Never help out a sneer even at the devil.
Leo Kennedy~ The surest way to be late is to have plenty of time.
Publilius Syrus~ Admonish thy friends in secret praise them openly.
Signs~ Bo Theres a monster outside my room can I have a glass of water
One good thing about forgetting is that you can no longer worry about what ever it was you forgot.
Paul Karl Feyerabend~ The best education consists in immunizing people against systematic attempts at education.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ What I like in a good author is not what he says but what he whispers.
He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak. - Michel Eyquem De Montaigne
Nigerian Proverb~ Hold a true friend with both hands.
Kahlil Gibran~ We fear death yet we long for slumber and beautiful dreams.
Samuel Johnson~ I live in the crowds of jollity not so much to enjoy company as to shun myself.
Scandinavian Proverb~ Go often to the house of thy friend for weeds soon choke up the unused path.
Michel de Montaigne~ I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly.
George Bernard Shaw~ Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.
Ausonius~ He who does not know how to be silent will not know how to speak.
Lillian Hellman~ Nothing of course begins at the time you think it did.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan
Epicurus~ Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
Isaac Bashevis Singer~ We know what a person thinks not when he tells us what he thinks but by his actions.
Anton Chekhov~ Man is what he believes.
Gene Hackman~ Nothing counts so much as family the rest are just strangers. (as Nicholas Earpp in Wyatt Earp )
Henry David Thoreau~ What old people say you cannot do you try and find that you can. Old deeds for old people and new deeds for new.
The best throw of the dice is to throw them away. ~ English proverb
Fran Lebowitz~ Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. -Thomas Paine
Homer~ A young man is embarrassed to question an older one.
John Heisman~ Gentlemen it is better to have died as a small boy than to fumble this football.
H.L. Mencken~ It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
Donald R. Gannon~ Where facts are few experts are many.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession, a duty. -John D. Rockefeller
Abraham Lincoln~ If this is coffee please bring me some tea but if this is tea please bring me some coffee.
Tennessee Williams~ There is a time for departure even when theres no certain place to go.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it. -Buddha
Kahlil Gibran~ We were a silent hidden thought in the folds of oblivion and we have become a voice that causes the heavens to tremble.
Hubert Humphrey~ The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Louis Auchincloss~ Only little boys and old men sneer at love.
Edna Ferber~ Perhaps too much of everything is as bad as too little.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ Ones first step in wisdom is to question everything - and ones last is to come to terms with everything.
Thomas Secker~ If you would not step into the harlots house do not go by the harlots door.
Sidney Lanier~ Music is Love in search of a word.
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy. -Guillaume Apollinaire
Robert G. Ingersoll~ It is an old habit with theologians to beat the living with the bones of the dead.
Latin Proverb~ Love is a kind of military service.
Carl Lotus Becker~ All historians even the most scientific have bias if in no other sense than the determination not to have any.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. -Noelie Alito
There is no expedient to which a man will go to avoid the real labor of thinking. -Thomas Alva Edison
Aesop~ Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
To lead the people, walk behind them. -Lao Tzu
Anon.~ Press any key... no no no NOT THAT ONE
William Pitt~ Eloquence is in the assembly not merely in the speaker.
Miracles happen to those who believe in them. -Bernhard Berenson
No matter how much data you add to your laptop, it will not get heavier.
Start off every day with a smile and get it over with. -W. C. Fields
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ A word is dead when it is said some say. I say it just begins to live that day.
Theodore Roosevelt~ A man who is good enough to shed his blood for his country is good enough to be given a square deal afterwards.
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers and are famous preservers of youthful looks. -Charles Dickens
Marcus Valerius Martialis~ Why do strong arms fatigue themselves with frivolous dumbbells To dig a vineyard is worthier exercise for men.
Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due. - Eldridge Cleaver
Man's character is his fate. -Heraclitus
Francis Bacon~ There is little friendship in the world and least of all between equals.
Kahlil Gibran~ All that spirits desire spirits attain.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
Joe Murray~ Marriage should be a duet - when one sings the other claps.
I've learned that life is like a roll of toilet paper - the closer it gets to the end, the faster it goes. - Andy Rooney
Patience makes lighter what sorrow may not heal. -Horace
If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm any hostility.
Most of the trouble in the world is caused by people wanting to be important. (T.S. Elliot)
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ I can believe anything provided it is incredible.
Danish proverb~ What is play to the cat is death to the mouse.
The bank of friendship cannot exist for long without deposits.
David Ben-Gurion~ There is no more lovely friendly and charming relationship communion or company than a good marriage.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ To be truly happy is a question of how we begin and not of how we end of what we want and not of what we have.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ The greatist thing in the world is for a man to know how to be himself.
The act of giving is more important than the merit of the receiver. (Glenn Kittler)
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Ryun
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Its easy to sit and scoff at an old mans folly. But also check out his Adams apple
Samuel Johnson~ Language is the dress of thought.
Michael Levine~ Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.
Timothy Leary~ Civilization is unbearable but it is less unbearable at the top.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Look beneath the surface let not the several quality of a thing nor its worth escape thee.
John Webster~ Theres nothing sooner dry than womens tears.
Benjamin Disraeli~ When men are pure laws are useless when men are corrupt laws are broken.
Once conform, once do what others do because they do it, and a kind of lethargy steals over all the finer senses of the soul. -Montaigne
William Ralph Inge~ Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter.
Ben Franklin~ The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.
You will never "win" an argument concerning religion.
Whatever you do, do with all your might. -Marcus Tullius Cicero
Jean Jacques Rousseau~ To endure is the first thing that a child ought to learn and that which he will have the most need to know.
Charles Schwab~ The man who does not work for the love of work but only for money is not likely to make money nor find much fun in life.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The individual will always be a minority. If a man is in a minority of one we lock him up.
I am watching the postman wee up against someones tree
Henry David Thoreau~ The ways by which you may get money almost without exception lead downward. - from Live Without Principle
Coleman Cox~ I am a great believer in luck. The harder I work the more of it I seem to have.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.
Jerry Coleman~ A day without newspapers is like walking around without your pants on.
The mode in which the inevitable comes to pass is through effort. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Laura Ingalls Wilder~ I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet simple things of life which are the real ones after all.
Unknown~ There was never in the history of the world a great politician who was not hated by large numbers of inferior men.
Paul Liu~ We need peacemakers not peacekeepers.
Jawaharlal Nehru~ The policy of being too cautious is the greatest risk of all.
There is nothing permanent except change. -Heraclitus
Michael Crichton~ We havent got the power to destroy the planet - or to save it. But we might have the power to save ourselves.
Russell Baker~ Misery no longer loves company. Nowadays it insists on it.
Henry Drummond~ Wherever we are it is our friends that make our world.
Anthony Brandt~ Other things may change us but we start and end with the family.
Benjamin Franklin~ A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two different things.
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. -John Wayne
The nearest way to glory is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be. -Socrates
It takes seventy-two muscles to frown, but only thirteen to smile. -Unknown Author
Saint John Chrysostom~ No one can harm the man who does himself no wrong.
Stephen William Hawking~ To confine our attention to terrestrial matters would be to limit the human spirit.
We are always getting ready to live but never living. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Business is a game, the greatest game in the world if you know how to play it. - Thomas J. Watson
That which you cannot give away, you don't possess; it possesses you.
James J. Roche~ Be not surprised if thou findest thyself in possession of unexpected wealth. Allah will provide an unexpected use for it.
William Shakespeare~ For Brutus is an honourable man So are they all all honourable men.
Look for a thing until you find it and you'll not lose your labor. -Chinese Proverb
Aeschylus~ Learning is ever in the freshness of its youth even for the old.
W. Somerset Maugham~ People ask for criticism but they only want praise.
Our opportunities to do good are our talents. -Cotton Mather
There is not great talent without great will power. -Honore de Balzac
Always the more beautiful answer who asks the more beautiful question. - Ee Cummings
Edgar Allan Poe~ Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Roger Zelazny~ Some natural skepticism as to the purity of all human motives came and sat upon my chest...
Geoffrey F. Albert~ Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want.
Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?
Muhammad Ali~ The man who views the world at the same as he did at has wasted years of his life.
I am realistic - I expect miracles. -Wayne Dyer
That which we are capable of feeling, we are capable of saying. -Cervantes
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. -Judy Garland
Plato~ The soul of man is immortal and imperishable.
Johann von Goethe~ Art is long life short judgment difficult opportunity transient.
Joseph Addison~ Self discipline is that which next to virtue truly and essentially raises one man above another.
Minor White~ No matter how slow the film Spirit always stands still long enough for the photographer It has chosen.
Ludwig Erhard~ A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece.
Forgiveness is the best remedy for any injury.
Robert Half~ There is something that is much more scarce something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability.
William Shakespeare~ The devil hath power To assume a pleasing shape.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best. -William M. Thackeray
One thought driven home is better than three left on base. -James Liter
When you truly give up trying to be whole through others, you end up receiving what you always wanted from others. -Shakti Gawain
J Danforth Quayle~ Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor. Its the other way around. They never vote for us.
My family pride is something inconceivable. I can't help it. I was born sneering. - W. S. Gilbert
Danish proverb~ He who is afraid to ask is ashamed of learning.
A nail is driven out by another nail. Habit is overcome by habit. -Desiderius Erasmus
Sir John Vanbrugh~ Virtue is its own reward. Theres a pleasure in doing good which sufficiently pays itself.
Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness; anger concealed often hardens into revenge. - Sir Henry Bulwer
If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why isn't it #1?
Danish proverb~ Life without a friend is death without a witness.
John Cheever~ The need to write comes from the need to make sense of ones life and discover ones usefulness.
No problem is insurmountable. With a little courage, teamwork and determination a person can overcome anything. -B. Dodge
Yiddish Proverb~ If you cant bite dont show your teeth.
Gene Roddenberry~ Time is the fire in which we burn.
Edith Cavell~ I realize that patriotism is not enough. I must have no hatred or bitterness towards anyone.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. -Tom Brokaw
Aaron Hill~ Oh treacherous night thou lendest thy ready veil to every treason and teeming mischiefs beneath thy shade.
Sallust~ Ambition drove many men to become false to have one thought locked in the breast another ready on the tongue.
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities. (Napolean Hill)
We treat this world of ours as though we had a spare in the trunk.
Lawrence George Durrell~ There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination.
Wealth - any income that is at least one hundred dollars more a year than the income of one's wife's sister's husband. -H. L. Mencken
G. K. Chesterton~ Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
Samuel Johnson~ Do not accustom yourself to use big words for little matters.
Og Mandino~ I will love the light for it shows me the way Yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars.
Half of being smart is knowing what you are dumb about. -Solomon Short
Sir Frederick Browning~ I think we might be going a bridge too far.
Paul Theroux~ Travel is only glamorous in retrospect.
Florence Shinn~ Giving opens the way for receiving.
It is easy to have a balanced personality. Just forget your troubles as easily as you do your blessings.
Can it be a mistake that "desserts" gives "stressed" spelled backwards?
Confucius~ Ignorance is the night of the mind but a night without moon and star.
Aimee Mullins~ Confidence is the sexiest thing a woman can have. Its much sexier than any body part.
In business for yourself, not by yourself. -Ray Kroc
James Russell Lowell~ Solitude is as needful to the imagination as society is wholesome for the character.
Homer~ He knew the things that were and the things that would be and the things that had been before.
Seneca~ The mind is slow to unlearn what it learnt early.
George Iles~ A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
Because you are someone special I send you my love today For you are very wonderful In each and every way
Responsibility is what awaits outside the Eden of Creativity. - Nadine Gordimer
Few men have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder. (George Washington)
After hearing two eyewitness accounts of the same accident, you begin to wonder about history.
Character is what a person is in the dark. (Dwight Moody)
Unknown~ Character is what you are when no one is looking.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ One never goes so far as when one doesnt know where one is going.
After all is said and done, more is said than done.
It's your attitude not your aptitude that determines your altitude. -Zig Ziglar
George Mason~ To disarm the people... was the best and most effectual way to enslave them.
Rene Angelil~ Nobody has a perfect life. What you see on the screen is the best of the artist.
You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created. -Albert Einstein
Lawrence Peter Berra~ I think Little League is wonderful. It keeps the kids out of the house.
Jesse Lair~ Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit we cannot flower and grow without it.
Boredom sets into boring minds.
Andrew Schneider~ People are simply incapable of prolonged sustained goodness.
Aulus Gellius~ Truth is the daughter of time.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ All things are cause for either laughter or weeping.
Unknown~ Oh come on. If you cant laugh at the walking dead who can you laugh at
Unknown~ The wages of sin are unreported.
William Hazlitt~ To think ill of mankind and not to wish ill to them is perhaps the highest wisdom and virtue.
Father Andrew SDC~ When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before the white man came an Indian said simply Ours.
The greatest actions of love often got unnoticed.
Danish proverb~ No revenge is more honourable than the one not taken.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Cicero~ A friend is as it were a second self.
Rosalynn Carter~ You have to have confidence in your ability and then be tough enough to follow through.
Respect a man, and he will do all the more. -John Wooden
Pleasure in the job put perfection in the work. -Aristotle
Daniel J. Boorstin~ More appealing than knowledge itself is the feeling of knowledge.
Albert Camus~ He who despairs over an event is a coward but he who holds hope for the human condition is a fool.
Businesses are successful because someone makes the sacrifices others are unwilling to. - Ki
Charles Mingu~ Making the simple complicated is commonplace making the complicated simple awesomely simple thats creativity.
Jose Ortega y Gasset~ Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.
Henry Ward Beecher~ The dog was created especially for children. He is the God of frolic.
Computer Museum~ Usenet is like Tetris for people who still know how to read.
Enthusiasm releases the drive to carry you over obstacles and adds significance to all you do. -Norman Vincent Peale
Failure is the path of least resistance. -Sir James Matthew Barrie
Mark Twain~ His ignorance covered the whole earth like a blanket and there was hardly a hole in it anywhere.
Al Franken~ When you encounter seemingly good advice that contradicts other seemingly good advice ignore them both.
Young people tell you what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do. -French
Samuel Johnson~ Read over your compositions and wherever you meet with a passage which you think is particularly fine strike it out.
Knowledge and human power are synonymous. - Francis Bacon
Elizabeth Barrett Browning~ Best be yourself imperial plain and true
It's blood, sweat, sometimes tears. -Bob Hayes
God gave burdens, also shoulders. -Yiddish Proverb
Aristide Briand~ The man who is not a socialist at twenty has no heart but if he is still a socialist at forty he has no head.
Aristotle~ Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends.
My evil genius Procrastination has whispered me to tarry 'til a more convenient season. -Mary Todd Lincoln
James Boswell~ Men are wise in proportion not to their experience but to their capacity for experience.
National Lampoon~ Fall not in love therefore it will stick to your face.
Greek Proverb~ First secure an independent income then practice virtue.
Menander~ Deus ex machina A god from the machine
George Frost Kennan~ The accords were fig leaves of democratic procedure to hide the nakedness of Stalinist dictatorship.
Niccolo Machiavelli~ It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved.
Euripides~ The good and the wise lead quiet lives.
Sir Thomas Browne~ There is surely a piece of divinity in us something that was before the elements and owes no homage unto the sun.
Ray Bradbury~ We are an impossibility in an impossible universe.
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination. -Unknown Author
Find your horse. Discover the direction the horse is going. Ride the horse in that direction. -Peter Mcwilliams
The quality of expectations determines the quality of our action. -Andre Godin
Finley Peter Dunne~ The past always looks better than it was. Its only pleasant because it isnt here.
Cato the Elder~ We cannot control the evil tongues of others but a good life enables us to disregard them.
Don't love the things you own, lest they own you.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ He is happiest be he king or peasant who finds peace in his home.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem. - J. Paul Getty
An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind. (Mohandas Gandhi)
Unknown~ Life was made to be enjoyed as well as endured.
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. -Denis Waitley
Samuel Grafton~ A penny will hide the biggest star in the Universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.
Paul Newman~ Acting is a question of absorbing other peoples personalities and adding some of your own experience.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Teresa
Kahlil Gibran~ It is well to give when asked but it is better to give unasked through understanding.
Anon.~ That Jim Brown. He says he isnt Superman. What he really means is that Superman isnt Jimmy Brown
Pearl Bailey~ Theres a period of life when we swallow a knowledge of ourselves and it becomes either good or sour inside.
Danish proverb~ Dont offer me advice give me money.
Helen Rowland~ A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ To do just the opposite is also a form of imitation.
Your own mind is a sacred enclosure into which nothing harmful can enter except by your permission. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The immature mind hops from one thing to another; the mature mind seeks to follow through. -Harry A. Overstreet
Henry Ford~ My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Frank Herbert~ Without change something sleeps inside us and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth. -Aleksandr Solzhenitzyn
George Bernard Shaw~ Americans adore me and will go on adoring me until I say something nice about them.
The contented person is never poor. The discontented is never rich.
A diamond is a chunk of coal that made good under pressure. -Unknown Author
P.L. Berger~ In science as in love too much concentration on technique can often lead to impotence.
Japanese Proverb~ Experience is an expensive school but a fool will learn from no other.
Transformation literally means going beyond your form. -Wayne Dyer
Benjamin Franklin~ Energy and persistence conquer all thing.
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work. -Joseph Barbara
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing. -Michael Phillips
Carmen de Monteflores~ Oppression can only survive through silence.
Theodore Roosevelt~ When you play play hard when you work dont play at all.
A good memory is one trained to forget the trivial. -Clifton Fadiman
Robert Southey~ If you would be pungent be brief for it is with words as with sunbeams - the more they are condensed the deeper they burn.
Albert Einstein~ Something deeply hidden had to be behind things.
Danish proverb~ A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. (Hugh Downs)
Dr. David M. Burns~ Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people cant accept your imperfections thats their fault.
Laws are like sausages. It's better not to see them being made. (Otto von Bismarck 1815-1898 German chancellor)
Our favourite holding period is forever. - Warren Buffett
John Lilly~ In the province of the mind what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.
William Shakespeare~ Nothing emboldens sin so much as mercy.
Barber B. Conable Jr~ Exhaustion and exasperation are frequently the handmaidens of legislative decision.
George Dorsey~ Play is the beginning of knowledge.
Amos Bronson Alcott~ The true teacher defends his pupils against his own personal influence.
One should count each day a separate life. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Moliere~ One dies only once and then for such a long time
Thomas Fuller~ Many would be cowards if they had courage enough.
Bertrand Russell~ The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
William Shakespeare~ Now cracks a noble heart. Good night sweet prince And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
Benjamin Franklin~ Whoever would overthrow the liberty of a nation must begin by subduing the freeness of speech.
Hellen Keller~ Although the world is full of suffering it is full also of the overcoming of it.
Anon.~ Never assume for it makes an ASS out of U and ME.
Ovid~ Time the devourer of all things.
Success is not measured by what one brings, but rather by what one leaves. -Unknown Author
You are getting old when you don't care where your spouse goes, just as long as you don't have to go along.
Maya Angelou~ There is no agony like bearing an untold story inside of you.
A face without freckles is like a sky without stars.
Quieting the chattering mind promotes directed action.
A man can only do what he can do. But if he does that each day he can sleep at night and do it again the next day. -Albert Schweitzer
Ray Douglas Bradbury~ You cant try to do things you simply must do them.
H.L. Mencken~ Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
Alan Alexander Milne~ My spelling is Wobbly. Its good spelling but it Wobbles and the letters get in the wrong places.
William Shakespeare~ Thoughts are but dreams till their effects be tried.
The Talmud~ The sun sets without thy assistance.
Charles Krauthammer~ Post-Watergate morality by which anything left private is taken as presumptive evidence of wrongdoing.
Luigi Pirandello~ You see things and you say Why But I dream things that never were and I say Why not
John Kenneth Galbraith~ If all else fails immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
Anthony DAngelo~ Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The ascent from earth to heaven is not easy.
Artichokes are like humans: you have to go through so much to get to the heart. (Kathy Good)
Joseph Addison~ Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. -Lena Horne
If you think of vision and mission as an organization's head and heart, the values it holds are its soul. -Buzotta
Henry J. Kaiser~ When your work speaks for itself dont interrupt.
Romanian Proverb~ Better a mouse in the pot than no meat at all.
Bruce Lee~ A goal is not always meant to be reached it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Steven Wright~ Whats another word for Thesaurus
Albert Camus~ Integrity has no need of rules.
The reason why people do not obtain success is because it is disguised as hard work.
Chinese Proverb~ Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he will eat for the rest of his life.
Hope is the parent of faith. -Cyrus A. Bartol
When the time is right, you just got to do it. -Jack Simplot
Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much. -Erich Fromm
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. -Og Mandino
Randolph Silliman Bourne~ Friendships are fragile things and require as much handling as any other fragile and precious thing.
Think like a man of action, and act like a man of thought. -Henri Bergson
Anonymous~ You add insult to injury.
Anzia Yenerska~ Was she so loved because her eyes were so beautiful or were her eyes so beautiful because she was so loved
Johann von Goethe~ One must ask children and birds how cherries and strawberries taste.
Latin Proverb~ If there is no wind row.
Susanna Moodie~ Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.
Jimmy Buffett~ If the Phone Doesnt Ring Its Me
Seneca~ As was his language so was his life.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ What is history but a fable agreed upon.
Martha Dandridge Custis Washington~ The greater part of happiness or misery depends on our dispositions not our circumstances.
Laertius Diogenes~ Chilo advised not to speak evil of the dead.
You will come across hope and despair in almost every situation. Only one of them wins each time.
Louis LAmour~ There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.
Max Beerbohm~ Nobody ever died of laughter.
C. E. Montague~ To be amused by what you read - that is the great spring of happy quotations.
Swedish Carol~ Dear brightest star oer Bethlehem O let your precious light shine in with hope and peace toward men in every home tonight.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ You never know whats hit you. A gunshot is the perfect way. (When asked how he would choose to die)
Art is an experience, not the formulation of a problem. -Lindsay Anderson
Anatole France~ People who have no weaknesses are terrible there is no way of taking advantage of them.
Anonymous~ It is light grief that can take counsel.
The inspiration of the almighty gives man understanding. -Bible
Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit. -R. E. Shay
Horace~ He wins every hand who mingles profit with pleasure.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ I dont think the intelligence reports are all that hot. Some days I get more out of the New York Times.
Gary Trudeau~ Ive been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesnt require my presence.
Theodor Reik~ Love is an attempt to change a piece of a dream world into reality.
Dick Clark~ Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law
Sophocles~ He who throws away a friend is as bad as he who throws away his life.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Any lady who is first lady likes being first lady. I dont care what they say they like it.
Bertrand Russell~ To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
Unknown~ Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.
George Herbert~ Woe be to him that reads but one book.
If you want to win anything-a race, your self, your life-you have to go a little berserk. -George Sheehan
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? -George Eliot
Norman Douglas~ The longer one lives the more one realizes that nothing is a dish for every day.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. -Indira Gandhi
Luisa Sigea~ Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
Oscar Hammerstein II~ You gotta have a dream. If you dont have a dream how you gonna make a dream come true (South Pacific)
Napolean Hill~ Patience persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Orison Swett Marden~ We win half the battle when we make up our minds to take the world as we find it including the thorns.
Life is not fair, but life is not fair for everyone. That makes life fair.
George Stanley McGovern~ The longer the title the less important the job.
George Eliot~ Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words.
The soul that is within me no man can degrade. - Frederick Douglas
M. C. Escher~ We adore chaos because we love to produce order.
Mark Twain~ Truth is more of a stranger than fiction.
Walt Whitman~ I send no agent or medium offer no representative of value
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Euripides~ Those whom God wishes to destroy he first makes mad.
Sir Thomas Browne~ Where life is more terrible than death it is then the truest valor to dare to live.
George Eliot~ The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.
Al Franken~ Im good enough Im smart enough and dog-gone it people like me.
Failing to plan is planning to fail. -Allen Lakein
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. -Lou Holtz
Robert Byrne~ The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
My success has allowed me to strike out with a higher class of women. -Woody Allen
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant. -Horace
W. E. B. Du Bois~ Believe in life Always human beings will live and progress to greater broader and fuller life.
Sri da Avabhas~ All doubt despair and fear become insignificant once the intention of life becomes love rather than dependence on love.
Beware of over-great pleasure in being popular or even beloved. - Margaret Fuller
Henry Ward Beecher~ Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation.
Carl Sagan~ Skeptical scrutiny is the means in both science and religion by which deep insights can be winnowed from deep nonsense.
Mickey Rooney~ Always get married early in the morning. That way if it doesnt work out you havent wasted a whole day.
Graffito~ I shot an arrow into the air and it stuck.
Woody Allen~ As the poet said Only God can make a tree - probably because its so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing. -Harriet Braiker
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. (James Baldwin)
Lao Tzu~ Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish. Do not overdo it.
Poverty is the worst form of violence. - Mahatma Gandhi
Let him who would move the world, first move himself. -Socrates
Ambrose Bierce~ Politeness n. The most acceptable hypocrisy.
Sacha Guitry~ You can pretend to be serious you cant pretend to be witty.
Adversity is the trial of principle. Without it, a man hardly knows whether he is honest or not. -Henry Fielding
Unknown~ None of us are responsible for all the things that happen to us but we are responsible for the way we act when they do happen.
Austin OMalley~ Show me a genuine case of platonic friendship and I shall show you two old or homely faces.
John McCrae~ If ye break faith with us who die We shall not sleep though poppies grow In Flanders fields.
My heart has joined the thousand, for my friend stopped running today. -Richard Adams
Mo Udall~ If you can find something everyone agrees on its wrong.
Mark Twain~ To cease smoking is the easiset thing I ever did. I ought to know Ive done it a thousand times.
Being angered is the greatest defeat to a human being. - Kazi Shams
Casey Stengel~ The trouble is not that players have sex the night before a game. Its that they stay out all night looking for it.
If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all the days of your life. -Abraham Maslow
H.L. Mencken~ Puritanism The haunting fear that someone somewhere may be happy.
Ayn Rand~ When I die I hope to go to Heaven whatever the Hell that is.
Romanian Proverb~ If you wish good advice consult an old man.
William Shakespeare~ Life is a tale told by an idiot - full of sound and fury signifying nothing.
Ausonius~ Propaganda is the art of persuading others of what you dont believe yourself.
Woody Allen~ Not only is there no God but try getting a plumber on weekends.
Wendell Phillips~ What is defeat Nothing but education nothing but the first step to something better.
Chilo~ Be more prompt to go to a friend in adversity than in prosperity.
Arthur C. Clarke~ Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Arthur Golden~ A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory.
Italian Proverb~ Love rules without rules.
A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark. (Chinese Proverb)
Jerry Coleman~ Kent Abbott is in the on-deck circuit.
George Santayana~ Music is essentially useless as life is.
Signs~ Graham Swing away Merrill. Merrill... swing away.
Kierkegaard~ Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it.
His conduct still right with his argument wrong. - Oliver Goldsmith
American Proverb~ He who speaks the truth must have one foot in the stirrup.
Lady Conductor She raised her baton.... and Beethoven answered John C Lehman Jr 1955 to 1989. -John C Lehman
Richard Milhous Nixon~ If you want to make beautiful music you must play the black and the white notes together.
No problem can stand the assault of sustained thinking. -Francois Marie Arouet de Voltaire
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures. -Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzche
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
If you can't be content with what you have received, be thankful for what you have escaped.
Patience accomplishes its object, while hurry speeds to its ruin. (Saadi, Persian poet)
Frank H. Crane~ You may be deceived if you trust too much but you will live in torment if you dont trust enough.
Earl Wilson~ The man who didnt want his wife to work has been succeeded by the man who asks about her chances of getting a raise.
Julian Weber Gordon~ Courage is more than standing for a firm conviction. It includes the risk of questioning that conviction.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. -James Allen
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing. -Albert Schweitzer
Leontyne Price~ I am here and you will know that I am the best and will hear me.
What comes from the heart, goes to the heart. -Samuel Taylor Coleridge
J. K. Rowling~ You sort of start thinking anythings possible if youve got enough nerve.
Abraham Lincoln~ Nearly all men can stand adversity but if you want to test a mans character give him power.
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitably bring about right results. -James Allen
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Whatever is to make us better and happy God has placed either openly before us or close to us.
Pearl Bailey~ Never never rest contented with any circle of ideas but always be certain that a wider one is still possible.
Cullen Hightower~ Theres always somebody who is paid too much and taxed too little - and its always somebody else.
No man is a failure who has friends. (Clarence)
James Harvey Robinson~ Most of our so-called reasoning consists in finding arguments for going on believing as we already do.
Henry Spencer~ Programming graphics in X is like finding the square root of PI using Roman numerals.
Heraclitus~ Opposition brings concord. Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Follow your inclinations with due regard to the policeman round the corner.
Mark Twain~ Be good and you will be lonesome.
Work is man's most natural form of relaxation. -Dagobert D. Runes
Deepak Chopra~ Anything that is of value in life only multiplies when it is given.
Stephen Leacock~ I detest life-insurance agents they always argue that I shall some day die which is not so.
Trouble in marriage often starts when a man gets so busy earning his salt that he forgets his sugar.
Mortimer Collins~ A mans as old as hes feeling A woman as old as she looks.
Arthur Koestler~ The more original a discovery the more obvious it seems afterwards.
William Shakespeare~ The peace of heaven is theirs that lift their swords in such a just an charitable war.
O, it is excellent to have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous to use it like a giant. -William Shakespeare
Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten. -B. F. Skinner
Bill Watterson~ I try to make everyones day just a little more surreal.
Miguel de Cervantes~ There is a remedy for all things but death which will be sure to lay us out flat some time or other.
Remember, you only have to succeed the last time. -Brian Tracy
Aristotle~ I count him braver who conquers his desires than him who conquers his enemies for the hardest victort is the victory over self.
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers. -James Thurber
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention. -Duguet
Eden Phillpotts~ The biggest fool may come out with a bit of sense when you least expect it.
Henry Ward Beecher~ We steal if we touch tomorrow. It is Gods.
Frank Tyger~ The art of advice is to make the recipient believe he thought the thought of it himself.
Aquaviva~ Let us be resolute in prosecuting our ends and mild in our methods of so doing.
Every man has enough power left to carry out that of which he is convinced. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Tao Le Ching~ The more you know the less you understand.
Did Adam and Eve have belly buttons?
Success is never certain. Failure is never final. -Robert Schuller
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ The human mind is our fundamental resource.
The common denominator for success is work. -John D. Rockefeller
I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand. (Chinese proverb)
Walt Whitman~ The poet judges not as a judge judges but as the sun falling around a helpless thing.
Saki~ The young have aspirations that never come to pass the old have reminiscences of what never happened.
Moshe Dayan~ If you want to make peace you dont talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. -Christian Larson
Welsh Proverb~ Three things it is best to avoid a strange dog a flood and a man who thinks he is wise.
Joe Gores~ Old age means realizing you will never own all the dogs you wanted to.
Mason Cooley~ Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge
George Santayana~ The young man who has not wept is a savage and the old man who will not laugh is a fool.
Well done is better than well said. (Benjamin Franklin)
Look up and not down. Look forward and not back. Look out and not in, and lend a hand. -Edward Everett Hale
Jean Cocteau~ The extreme limit of wisdom - that is what the public calls madness.
Marcus Tullius Cicero De Officiis~ The more laws the less justice.
Aristotle~ The high minded man must care more for the truth than for what people think.
Ted Williams~ The only thing dumber than a pitcher is two pitchers.
Tell a man he is brave, and you help him to become so. -Thomas Carlyle
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going. -Unknown Author
Dust is a protective coating for fine furniture. -Mario Burata
Miguel de Cervantes~ My heart is wax moulded as she pleases but enduring as marble to retain.
I've always been a sucker for attention. -Cuba Gooding Jr.
Dwight Lyman Moody~ Character is what you are in the dark.
James Earl Jones~ One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you cant utter.
Thomas Carlyle~ Silence is deep as Eternity speech is shallow as Time.
Claude Levi-Strauss~ The world began without man and it will complete itself without him.
Dan Rather~ A tough lesson in life that one has to learn is that not everybody wishes you well.
Chinese Proverb~ The man who comes with a tale about others has himself an ax to grind.
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
La Rochefoucauld~ Hope and fear are inseparable. There is no hope without fear nor any fear without hope.
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea. -John Nuveen
Polybius~ There is no witness so dreadful no accuser so terrible as the conscience that dwells in the heart of every man.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ It is the wretchedness of being rich that you have to live with rich people.
Niels Henrik David Bohr~ An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made in a narrow field.
Joe Weinstein~ My dog is worried about the economy because Alpo is up to cents a can. Thats almost . in dog money.
Frank A. Clark~ Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find it out.
Herb Caen~ The trouble with born-again Christians is that they are an even bigger pain the second time around.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
Charles Dudley Warner~ The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value.
Carl Gustav Jung~ Knowledge rests not upon truth alone but upon error also.
Light is the task where many share the toil. -Homer
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. -Les Brown
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love. - George Eliot
Fear is never a reason for quitting; it is only an excuse. -Norman Vincent Peale
Sophocles~ Much speech is one thing well-timed speech is another.
Elbert Hubbard~ The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Jane Wagner~ A sobering thought what if at this very moment I am
It takes struggle, a goal and enthusiasm to make a champion. -Norman Vincent Peale
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit. -Nelson Henderson
Bad or missing mouse driver. Spank the cat [Y/N]?
Kim Hubbard~ Theres no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didnt tell you about it
Maria Montessori~ Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed.
If there is no enemy within, the enemy out side can do us no harm. (African proverb)
Always the more beautiful answer who asks the more beautiful question. -Ee Cummings
George Will~ This is an age in which one cannot find common sense without a search warrant.
Self-denial is painful for a moment, but very agreeable in the end. - Jane Taylor
When the mouth stumbles, it is worse than the foot. (West African Proverb)
Caring is a powerful business advantage. - Scott Johnson
Unknown~ Friends are those rare people who ask how you are and then wait for the answer.
Don't expect mangoes when you plant papayas. - Mimfa A. Gibson
Margaret Thatcher~ I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
Nero Claudius Caesar~ What an artist the world is losing in me
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. - Carl Jung
Real Live Preacher~ You cant love anyone until you understand that you cant love everyone.
Never go to bed angry. Stay up and fight. - J. W. Eagan
Thomas B. Reed~ One of the greatest delusions in the world is the hope that the evils in this world are to be cured by legislation.
Henry David Thoreau~ Do not hire a man who does your work for money but him who does it for love of it.
Francois Arouet~ In politics I am growing indifferent - I would like it if I could now return to my planting and books at home.
Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?
Blaise Pascal~ I have discovered that all human evil comes from this mans being unable to sit still in a room.
It is not raining. The sky leaks.
Richard von Weizscker~ Whoever refuses to remember the inhumanity is prone to new risks of infection.
Barry Neil Kaufman~ A loud voice cannot compete with a clear voice even if its a whisper.
I'd rather do something and fail than do nothing and succeed!
Albert Einstein~ Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Hellen Keller~ There is plenty of courage among us for the abstract but not for the concrete.
Think lovingly, speak lovingly, act lovingly, and every need shall be supplied. -James Allen
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ The secret of being boring is to tell everything.
Where there is great love, there are always wishes. - Willa Cather
Plato~ One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
Mary Pickford~ This thing that we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down.
Publilius Syrus~ You should not live one way in private another in public.
All the sounds of the earth are like music. -Oscar Hammerstein
Hermann Hesse~ Without words without writing and without books there would be no history there could be no concept of humanity.
Orson Welles~ My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
Enlai Zhou~ All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means. ()
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius
Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. - Abigail Adams
I can not and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions. (Lillian Hellman)
Ruth Ross~ All prosperity begins in the mind and is dependent only on the full use of our creative imagination.
Deng Xiaoping~ Young leading cadres have risen up by helicopter. They should really rise step by step.
William Feather~ One of the indictments of civilizations is that happiness and intelligence are so rarely found in the same person.
Information's pretty thin stuff unless mixed with experience. -Clarence Day
Stephen Butler Leacock~ Life we learn too late is in the living the tissue of every day and hour.
E. M. Forster~ Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
William Shakespeare~ Small to greater matters must give way.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Take time to deliberate but when the time for action has arrived stop thinking and go in.
Eric Hoffer~ The leader has to be practical and a realist yet must talk the language of the visionary and the idealist.
Johnny Carson~ Nancy Reagan fell down and broke her hair.
Sir Harry MacLennan Lauder~ Keep right on to the end of the road.
Sophocles~ A prudent mind can see room for misgiving lest he who prospers would one day suffer reverse.
It's never crowded along the extra mile. -Dr. Wayne Dyer
Thomas Huxley~ The strongest man in the world is the man who stands alone.
Wendell Phillips~ Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics.
Nothing is good or bad, but thinking makes it so. -William Shakespeare
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time. I think I've forgotten this before.
Science has promised us truth. It has never promised us either peace or happiness. -Gustave Le Bon
Unknown~ Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
English Proverb~ The shortest answer is doing.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. -Walter Bagehot
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ A Shade upon the mind there passesAs when on NoonA Cloud the mighty Sun encloses.
It is strange how an earthquake 4,000 miles away seems less of a catastrophe than the first scratch on your new car.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
No person is important enough to make me angry. -Carlos Castenada
Incorrect assumptions lie at the root of every failure. Have the courage to test your assumption. -Brian Tracy
Scott Adams~ No matter how smart you are you spend much of your day being an idiot.
Woody Allen~ It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light and certainly not desirable as ones hat keeps blowing off.
Isaac Asimov~ A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
Caligula~ Would that the Roman people had a single neck to cut off their head.
Alexander Woollcott~ I have no need of your God-damned sympathy. I only wish to be entertained by some of your grosser reminiscences.
A hole is nothing at all, but you can break your neck in it.
Marguerite de Valois~ Science conducts us step by step through the whole range of creation until we arrive at length at God.
Silence is argument carried on by other means. - Che Guevara
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. -Alan Simpson
A "Bay Area Bisexual" told me I didn't quite coincide with either of her desires. -Woody Allen
Robert Frost~ A diplomat is a man who always remembers a womans birthday but never remembers her age.
George Burns~ Dont stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.
When I dream, I am ageless. -Elizabeth Coatsworth
Unknown~ Serious Sincere Systematic Service Surely Secures Supreme Success.
Do not always prove yourself to be the one in the right. The right will appear. You need only give it a chance. -C. H. Fowler
Harold Green~ In the business world everyone is paid in two coins cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later.
To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine. -Henry Ward Beecher
Keep your mind on the things you want and off the things you don't want. -Hannah Whitall Smith
Walter Bagehot~ The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ The question is no longer between violence and non-violence it is between non-violence and non-existence.
The difference between a boss and a leader: a boss says, 'Go!' -a leader says, 'Let's go!'. - E. M. Kelly
Euripides~ It is in the thirties that we want friends. In the forties we know they wont save us any more than love did.
Miguel de Cervantes~ There is a time for some things and a time for all things a time for great things and a time for small things.
Howard Gossage~ If you have a lemon make lemonade.
Francis Bacon~ Fortitude is the marshal of thought the armor of the will and the fort of reason.
Horace~ You traverse the world in search of happiness which is within the reach of every man. A contented mind confers it on all.
Mohammad Haroon~ Life is a bitch get use to her or else she will make you pay for having her.
Ernest Haskins~ Save a little money each month and at the end of the year youll be surprised at how little you have.
If you are not enjoying your work, you should either change your attitude, or change your job. (Leo Tolstoy)
Bob Dylan~ To live outside the law you must be honest.
John le Carre~ If there is one eternal truth of politics it is that there are always a dozen good reasons for doing nothing.
National Lampoon~ Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Claude Levi-Strauss~ The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers hes one who asks the right questions.
In the factory we make cosmetics; in the store we sell hope. -Charles Revson
La Rochefoucauld~ Not all those who know their minds know their hearts as well.
Pindar~ Words have a longer life than deeds.
Those who want to learn listen; those who know it all interrupt.
Anger should never be an overnight guest. - Neal A. Maxwell
David Letterman~ Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
J. Robert Oppenheimer~ I am become Death the destroyer of worlds.N.B. This is a paraphrase from the ancient Hindu text the Bhagavad Gita.
Morning people: "Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise."
Don't spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you have now was once among the things you only hoped for.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Imagination grows by exercise and contrary to common belief is more powerful in the mature than in the young.
Saint Francis of Assisi~ Where there is hatred let me sow love. Where there is injury pardon. Where there is doubt faith.
Horace~ Make money money by fair means if you can if not but any means money.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
Desiderius Erasmus~ It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
William Shakespeare~ True hope is swift and flies with swallows wings Kings it makes gods and meaner creatures kings.
John Gay~ We only part to meet again.
Buddha~ It is a mans own mind not his enemy or foe that lures him to evil ways.
Sir Walter Scott~ All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education.
Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway. -Mary Kay Ash
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience. - Sioux Indian Prayer
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. -Og Mandino
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning. -Louis L'Amour
George Price~ Correct me if Im wrong but hasnt the fine line between sanity and madness gotten finer
George Burns~ No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
7/5th of all people do not understand fractions.
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. -Lou Holtz
You will find only what you bring in. -Yoda
I can't seem to find the PM radio stations.
Aristotle~ All virtue is summed up in dealing justly.
Publilius Syrus~ Look to be treated by others as you have treated others.
Nikolai Gogol~ It is no use to blame the looking glass if your face is awry.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Greatness lies not in being strong but in the right use of strength.
Eric Pio~ Hollywood actors and actress are not better than you - They just act like they are.
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience. -Ralph Marston
Proverbs Bible~ A friend loveth at all times and a brother is born for adversity.
Rebecca West~ The point is that nobody likes having salt rubbed into their wounds even if it is the salt of the earth.
Orson Scott Card~ Among my most prized possessions are the words that I have never spoken.
Leo Durocher~ Nice guys finish last.
I dialled one of those 900 numbers to get some financial advice. They advised me not to dial 900 numbers.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Things have never been more like the way they are today in history.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ All is ephemeral - fame and the famous as well.
A succesful man makes more money than his woman can spend. A succesful woman is one who can find such a man.
Dan Quayle~ The American people would not want to know of any misquotes that Dan Quayle may or may not make.
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted. -Andrew Carnegie
If you stand straight, do not fear a crooked shadow. -Chinese Proverb
George Bernard Shaw~ Swindon What will history say Burgoyne History sir will tell lies as usual.
John Powell~ The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
David Ogilvie~ The best ideas come from jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one? - Antonio Machado
Nothing shows a man's character more than what he laughs at. (Goethe)
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Language is the blood of the soul into which thoughts run and out of which they grow.
Allison Poler~ Happiness isnt the easiest thing to find but one place youre guaranteed to find it is in a friends smile.
Malcolm X~ Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If youre a man you take it.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. -Ralph Vaull Starr
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. -Vincent Lombardi
Sir Thomas More~ A little wonton money which burned out the bottom of his purse.
Miles Davis~ Sometimes you have to play for a long time to be able to play like yourself.
Persian Proverb~ He who wants a rose must respect the thorn.
The average person thinks he isn't.
Adam Smith~ On the road from the City of Skepticism I had to pass through the Valley of Ambiguity. (Powers of Mind )
Kahlil Gibran~ Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch? - Matt
Tallulah Bankhead~ Im as pure as the driven slush.
Polish Proverb~ Fish to taste good must swim three times in water in butter and in wine.
Don Delillo~ We seem to believe it is possible to ward off death by following rules of good grooming.
Democritus~ The pride of youth is in strength and beauty the pride of old age is in discretion.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is Is it good for America
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going... it's as simple as that. -Earl Nightingale
Albert Einstein~ A theory can be proved by experiment but no path leads from experiment to the birth of a theory.
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day. -Alexander Woollcott
Herm Albright~ A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. - Gwynn Thomas
Laurence J. Peter~ The incompetent with nothing to do can still make a mess of it.
We are never nowhere. We are always now here.
Success is not forever, and failure is not fatal. (Coach Don Scula)
Jerry Coleman~ Finley is going over to get a new piece of bat.
Sue Halpern~ Passion kept one fully in the present so that time became a series of mutually exclusive nows.
Frederick Buechner~ In his holy flirtation with the world God occasionally drops a handkerchief. These handkerchiefs are called saints.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. - Chinese Proverb
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Success is never final.
Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and as difficult as that. - Harold Loukes
Jewish Proverb~ The innkeeper loves a drunkard but not for a son-in-law.
Bertrand Russell~ Men who are unhappy like men who sleep badly are always proud of the fact.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. -Henry Ford
That thou seest, man, become too thou must; God, if thou seest God, dust, if thou seest dust. -Brother Angelus
We must free ourselves of the hope that the sea will ever rest. We must learn to sail in high winds. - Hanmer Parsons Grant
The word of God will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from the word of God.
Reputation is made in a moment: character is built in a lifetime.
John Tyndall~ Life is a wave which in no two consecutive moments of its existence is composed of the same particles.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Jim~ Death is as casual-and often as unexpected-as birth. It is as difficult to define grief as joy. Each is finite. Each will fade.
Tommy Smothers~ Red meat is NOT bad for you. Now blue-green meat THATS bad for you
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ A quiz If I am my brothers keeper who am I (Answer me.)
Charles Hanson Towne~ Indeed we do not really live unless we have friends surrounding us like a firm wall against the winds of the world.
Sren Aaby Kierkegaard~ Prayer does not change God but changes him who prays.
Richard Gordon~ In the th century specialisation has become the counterfeit of brilliance.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. -Dr. Karl Menninger
Edward P. Morgan~ A book is the only place in which you can examine a fragile thought without breaking it.
Every silver lining has a cloud. - Avon
It is the nature of thought to find its way into action. -Christian Nevell Bovee
Oprah Winfrey~ Partake of some of lifes sweet pleasures. And yes get comfortable with yourself.
Saint Francis of Assisi~ It is in pardoning that we are pardoned.
Roger Moore~ I enjoy being a highly overpaid actor.
Don't let people drive you crazy when it is within walking distance.
Happiness is a path, not a destination.
Benjamin Franklin~ Experience keeps a dear school but fools will learn in no other.
Latin Proverb~ Fear not a jest. If one throws salt at you you will not be harmed unless you have sore places.
Batman~ The Joker Tell me something my friend. You ever dance with the devil by the pale moonlight
Flora Whittemore~ The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Phineas Taylor Barnum~ Every crowd has a silver lining.
Henry David Thoreau~ Every generation laughs at the old fashions but follows religiously the new.
One kind word can warm three winter months. -Japanese Proverb
Ladies of Fashion starve their happiness to feed their vanity, and their love to feed their pride. - Lacon, 1825. - Charles Caleb Colton
George Stephanopolous~ The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
Diane Arbus~ My favorite thing is to go where Ive never been.
If the wind stops, row! (Polish proverb)
Will Durant~ Those who have suffered much become very bitter or very gentle.
Pearl Bailey~ To talk to someone who does not listen is enough to tense the devil.
Flowers grow out of darker moments. -Corita Kent
Al Jaffee~ Book dedication To myself without whose inspired and tireless efforts this book would not have been possible.
Doubts are the ants in the pants of faith. They keep it awake and moving. -Frederick Buechner
Arab Proverb~ He who has health has hope and he who has hope has everything.
Joseph Conrad~ The way of even the most jusitifiable revolution is prepared by personal impulses disguised into creeds.
William James~ The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
Paul Valery~ The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
What is worth having is worth waiting for.
Mother Theresa~ There are no great things only small things with great love. Happy are those.
H Hahn Blavatsky~ There is no religion higher than the truth.
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day. - Sally Koch
Faith is spiritualized imagination. -Henry Ward Beecher
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be. -Thomas a Kempis
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ What is the hardest thing in the world To think.
Mother Theresa~ We can do no great things only small things with great love.
Act the part and you will become the part. -William James
Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
Denis Watley~ You must learn from your past mistakes but not lean on your past successes.
Harry Morris Warner~ The concept is interesting and well-formed but in order to earn better than a C~ the idea must be feasible.
In much wisdom is much grief; and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow. - Bible
Miriam Beard~ Certainly travel is more than the seeing of sights it is a change that goes on deep and permanent in the ideas of living.
Isaac Newton~ If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end. -Scott Adams
Don't just get something out of church, put something into it.
Jean Louis Rodolphe Agassiz~ I cannot afford to waste my time making money.
Samuel Johnson~ To strive with difficulties and to conquer them is the highest human felicity.
If the grass on the other side of the fence appears greener...it must be all the fertiliser they are using! (Kevin Rodowicz)
You are wholly complete and your success in life will be in direct proportion to your ability to accept this truth about you. - Dr. Robert Anthony
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort. -Gloria Steinem
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ No mind is thoroughly well organized that is deficient in a sense of humor.
Patience is the ability to idle your motor when you feel like stripping your gears.
Jack London~ You cant wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
George Bernard Shaw~ Every man over forty is a scoundrel.
Friedrich Engels~ An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Benjamin Disraeli~ The most dangerous strategy is to jump a chasm in two leaps.
Change is a part of every life. Resisting is often as futile as it is frustrating. -Unknown Author
William Dement~ Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives.
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other. -Erma Bombeck
Jules Renard~ There are places and moments in which one is so completely alone that one sees the world entire.
Samuel Butler~ Genius might be described as a supreme capacity for getting its possessors into trouble of all kinds.
To control your cow, give it a bigger pasture. -Suzuki Roshi. - Suzuki Roshi
The wonder of a single snowflake outweighs the wisdom of a million meteorologists.
Fred Allen~ The last time I saw him he was walking down Lovers Lane holding his own hand.
Thomas Fuller~ A good friend is my nearest relation.
Anthony Hopkins~ I love life because what more is there.
Bernard Mannes Baruch~ Millions saw the apple fall but Newton was the one who asked why.
Publilius Syrus~ There are some remedies worse than the disease.
Johann von Goethe~ Life is not anything but an opportunity for something.
Thales~ The past is certain the future obscure.
Al Boliska~ Do you realize if it werent for Edison wed be watching TV by candlelight
Alessandro Pronzato~ The best way not to have people in your way is to let them into your heart.
J. Deville~ In communities where men build ships for their own sons to fish or fight from quality is never a problem.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I can take it... The tougher it gets the cooler I get...
It is always your next move. -Napoleon Hill
Franois Auguste Ren Rodin~ Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
If you go as far as you can see, you will then see enough to go even farther. -John Wooden
Ernest Hemingway~ Theres nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men. True nobility is being superior to your former self.
I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday. - Abraham Lincoln
If a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger? - Thomas Henry Huxley
A friend is one who knows who you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you become, and still gently invites you to grow.
Biblical Proverb~ Speak to the earth and it shall teach thee.
Richard Wagner~ Joy is not in things it is in us.
Douglas Adams~ I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Mark Twain~ Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure. -Abraham Lincoln
If you are not in fashion, you are nobody. - "Letter to his son", April 30, 1750. - Lord Chesterfield
A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom.
Anna Quindlen~ The thing that is really hard and really amazing is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
Jesse Jackson~ Never look down on anybody unless you helping him up.
Heywood~ Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
Inspiration never arrived when you were searching for it. -Lisa Alther
Sophocles~ It is not righteousness to outrage A brave man dead not even though you hate him.
Quality is presence of value and not absence of mistake.
Mark Twain~ The secret source of humour itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humour in heaven.
Socrates~ I am not an Athenian or a Greek but a citizen of the world.
I know what I can know, and am not troubled about what I cannot know. -Johann Fichte
A careless word may kindle strife.
Josh Billings~ Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Johann von Goethe~ Age does not make us childish as some say it only finds us true children still.
Ray Bradbury~ You have to know how to accept rejection and reject acceptance.
Stan Aogartem~ ... information can be treated like any other quantity and be subjected to the manipulation of a machine.
Saint Jerome~ The scars of others should teach us caution.
Kahlil Gibran~ The best of men is he who blushes when you praise him and remains silent when you defame him.
Aristotle~ It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Irish Proverb~ Every invalid is a doctor.
Pirates of the Caribbean The Curse of the Black Pearl~ Jack You seem somewhat familiar. Have I threatened you before
Benjamin Disraeli~ The hare-brained chatter of irresponsible frivolity.~ );
Help yourself, and Heaven will help you. -Jean De La Fontaine
Hazrat Inayat Khan~ The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.
Robert Orben~ I take my children everywhere but they always find their way back home.
We are in danger of forgetting that we cannot do what God does, and that God will not do what we can do. (Oswald Chambers)
Socrates~ Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Airon T. Reyes~ Love cant be proven until you both die loving each other.
Jeane J. Kirkpatrick~ History is a better guide than good intentions.
Sir Julian Huxley~ Operationally God is beginning to resemble not a ruler but the last fading smile of a cosmic Cheshire cat.
To change your life: start immediately; do it flamboyantly; no exceptions. -William James
Groucho Marx~ A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
A closed mind is a good thing to lose.
Having the right to do it, doesn't mean it is right to do it.
Cultivate money and you grow rich. Cultivate mind and you raise culture.
Woody Allen~ What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists In that case I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
Warren Beatty~ Youve achieved success in your field when you dont know whether what youre doing is work or play.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ There are few sorrows however poignant in which a good income is of no avail.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. (Mother Teresa)
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes the furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie
Robert Byrne~ Everything is in a state of flux including the status quo.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. -Henry J. Kaiser
Epictetus~ There are some things which men confess with ease and others with difficulty.
Oscar Wilde~ Always forgive your enemies nothing annoys them so much.
Bernadette Peters~ Youve got to be original because if youre like someone else what do they need you for
Euripides~ I hate it in friends when they come too late to help.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from the vexation of thinking.
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important."
H.R. Haldeman~ You cant put the toothpaste back in the tube.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars.
There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration. -Marcus Tullius Cicero
Mark Twain~ Lord save us all from old age and broken health and a hope tree that has lost the faculty of putting out blossoms.
I shit you not, my landlord has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs .. she's 31!
Gay Talese~ The real problem is what to do with the problem-solvers after the problems are solved.
Louis~ So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work.
What is in the end to be thrown down, Begins by being first set on high. -Tao Saying
Italian Proverb~ Who depends on another mans table often dines late.
Hary Latham Doherty~ Generally we study too much and think too little.
Robert Frost~ Im against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise.
Never keep up with Joneses. Drag them down to your level. It's cheaper. -Quentin Crisp
Woody Allen~ I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
F. H. Bradley~ Our live experiences fixed in aphorisms stiffen into cold epigrams. Our hearts blood as we write it turns to mere dull ink.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Absurdity. A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with ones own opinion.
The surprises of thought are like those of love: they wear out. But here too you can carry on for a long time doing your conjugal duty.
Orison Swett Marden~ Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of ones being.
Demosthenes~ Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Peter McWilliams~ The simple solution for disappointment depression Get up and get moving. Physically move. Do. Act. Get going.
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent. (Bette Davis)
P. D. James~ What a child doesnt receive he can seldom later give.
Hermocrates of Syracuse~ Has not peace honours and glories of her own unattended by the dangers of war
Katharine Graham~ To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun
H. W. Dodds~ A thick head can do as much damage as a hard heart.
Publilius Syrus~ I have often regretted my speech never my silence.
You are getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster.
The power of man's virtue should not be measured by his special efforts, but by his ordinary doings. -Blaise Pascal
Mark Twain~ Barring that natural expression of villainy which we all have the man looked honest enough.
John Ruskin~ When love and skill work together expect a masterpiece.
The best vision is insight. -Malcolm S. Forbes
Walter Benjamin~ The only way of knowing a person is to love them without hope.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ No form of Nature is inferior to Art for the arts merely imitate natural forms.
Unknown~ Im not worried about the bullet with my name on it... just the thousands out there marked Occupant.
We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance. -Benjamin Disraeli
Joseph Addison~ A woman seldom asks advice before she has bought her wedding clothes.
Confidence is a very fragile thing. -Joe Montana
The greatest advantage in gambling lies in not playing at all. ~ Girolamo Cardano
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity
B. J. Gupta~ Hard work doesnt guarantee success but improves its chances.
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home. (Confucius)
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
Joseph Addison~ What pity is it that we can die but once to serve our country
Virgil~ Each man is led by his own liking.
Don Marquis~ Honesty is a good thing but it is not profitable to its possessor unless it is kept under control.
A favorite has no friend! - Thomas Gray
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -Sally Berger
B. J. Gupta~ High living and high thinking are poles apart.
How can the cemetry raise it's burial costs and blame it on the cost of living?
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Lawyers spend a great deal of their time shoveling smoke.
Henry Louis Mencken~ The only cure for contempt is countercontempt.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Theodore White~ If you make a living if you earn your own money youre free - however free one can be on this planet.
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
Edward Albee~ Comedy is the last refuge of the nonconformist mind.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. -Emile Zola
Anthony DAngelo~ Smile it is the key that fits the lock of everybodys heart.
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko~ To believe in ones dreams is to spend all of ones life asleep.
She got even in a way that was almost cruel. She forgave them. on Eleanor Roosevelt. -Ralph Mcgill
The essence of worldliness is exclusion of God. - Henry Jacobsen
Francis Bacon~ Nature to be commanded must be obeyed.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ He who has a thousand friendsHas not a friend to spareWhile he who has one enemyShall meet him everywhere.
Anger is momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you. - Horace
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Originality is nothing by judicious imitation. The most original writers borrowed one from another.
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
Julian Weber Gordon~ Love is not blind - it sees more not less. But because it sees more it is willing to see less.
The latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
Prayer is the key to Heaven, but faith unlocks the door. (Mosie Lister)
Robert Burns~ Look abroad through Natures range Natures mighty law is change.
Samuel Butler~ Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
It takes a day to find a friend, a moment to lose them but a lifetime to forget them.
Only in America do we leave cars worth thousands of dollars in the driveway and leave useless things and junk in boxes in the garage.
Mother Theresa~ Everytime you smile at someone it is an action of love a gift to that person a beautiful thing.
Wolfgang Pauli~ This isnt right. This isnt even wrong.
Tom Stoppard~ Were actors - were the opposite of people.
You can send a message around the world in 1/7 of a second; yet it may take several years to move a simple idea through a 1/4 inch of human skull.
Treat people as if they were what they should be, and you help them become what they are capable of becoming. (Johann Goethe)
Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molire~ Oh how fine it is to know a thing or two.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Marta likes to talk about sensuality but I dont think she would know sensuality if it bit her on the ass.
Energy is equal to desire and purpose. -Sheryl Adams
George Bernard Shaw~ Self-denial is not a virtue it is only the effect of prudence on rascality.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The education of the will is the object of our existence.
Anonymous~ Dare to be wise.
Jacques Maritain~ Gratitude is the most exquisite form of courtesy.
A plan is a list of actions arranged in whatever sequence is thought likely to achieve an objective. -John Argenti
Realize that now, in this moment of time, you are creating. You are creating your next moment. That is what's real. -Sara Paddison
A hundred men may make an encampment, but it takes a woman to make a home.
Ecclesiastes Bible~ The race is not always to the swift nor the battle to the strong.
All mothers are working mothers.
Look for your choices, pick the best one, then go with it. -Pat Riley
Dan Quayle~ Welcome to President Bush Mrs. Bush and my fellow astronauts.
A man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Respect cannot be learned, purchased or acquired- it can only be earned.
In arguing, too, the parson own'd his skill, For even though vanquished he could argue still. - Oliver Goldsmith
Dr. Karl Menninger~ Set up as an ideal the facing of reality as honestly and as cheerfully as possible.
Mark Twain~ Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Optometrist's office: If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place.
Henry Adams~ A teacher affects eternity he can never tell where his influence stops.
Sbastien-Roch Nicolas de Chamfort~ The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you. -Marsha Norman
Ernest Hemingway~ Do not ask for whom the bell tolls it tolls for thee.
Unknown~ The only successful substitute for brains is silence.
Donald Creighton~ History is the record of an encounter between character and circumstances.
George Eliot~ Theres folks ud stand on their heads and then say the fault was i their boots.
George Burns~ Nice to be here At my age its nice to be anywhere.
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators. -P. J. O'Rourke
M Scott Peck~ Nirvana or lasting enlightenment or true spiritual growth can be achieved only through persistent exercise of real love.
T. S. Eliot~ What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
Oscar Levant~ What the world needs is more geniuses with humility there are so few of us left.
Ronald Reagan~ If I had as much make-up on as he did Id have looked younger too.
William Wordsworth~ That best portion of a good mans life His little nameless unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
We find comfort among those who agree with us-growth among those who don't. -Frank Clark
The business of preaching is to comfort the disturbed and to disturb the comfortable.
Buddha~ Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
If you want children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders. -Abigail Van Buren
L. M. Boyd~ There are varieties of shark not counting loan and pool.
Elbert Hubbard~ My father always used to say that when you die if youve got five real friends youve had a great life.
What happens to a man is less significant than what happens within him. -Louis L. Mann
Leo Rosten~ The only reason for being a professional writer is that you cant help it.
Chinese Proverb~ Be not afraid of growing slowly be afraid only of standing still.
F. E. Smedley~ You are looking as fresh as paint.
Seneca~ It is a youthful failing to be unable to control ones impulses.
Brenda Ueland~ Since you are like no other being ever created since the beginning of time you are incomparable.
Danish proverb~ No one is rich enough to do without a neighbor.
Your attitude is the librarian of your past, the speaker of your present, and the prophet of your future!
Charles Baudelaire~ There is no such thing as a long piece of work except one that you dare not start.
When your outgo exceeds your income your upkeep will be your downfall.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Change is inevitable. In a progressive country change is constant.
Emma Goldman~ The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Two friends, two bodies with one soul inspired. -Homer
Benjamin Disraeli~ There is an art of reading as well as an art of thinking and an art of writing.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St. Francis of Assisi
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. - Henry Ford
Act like you expect to get into the end zone. -Joe Paterno
George Bernard Shaw~ The English have no respect for their language and will not teach their children to speak it.
A friend is someone that won't begin to talk behind your back when you leave the room.
Drink wet cement and get really stoned.
Lao Tzu~ The softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world. Through this I know the advantage of taking no action.
Bertrand Russell~ Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
Augustus Hare~ Thought is the wind knowledge the sail and mankind the vessel.
Victor Hugo~ If a writer wrote merely for his time I would have to break my pen and throw it away.
The tip you leave now for lunch would have bought you one twenty years ago.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Euripides~ Whom the gods would destroy they first make mad.
Toni Morrison~ She is a friend of my mind... The pieces I am she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order.
Juvenal~ All wish to be learned but no one is willing to pay the price.
Robert Pante~ If you look good and dress well you dont need a purpose in life.
George Dennison Prentice~ What some call health if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet isnt much better than tedious disease.
Robert A. Heinlein~ Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards.
Euripides~ My tongue swore but my mind was still unpledged.
Hollywood's a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss, and fifty cents for your soul. (Marilyn Monroe)
Nicholson Baker~ In my case adulthood itself was not an advance although it was a useful waymark.
Max Lerner~ America shudders at anything alien and when it wants to shut its mind against any mans ideas it calls him a foreigner.
Unknown~ If you love something let it go. If it comes back to you its yours forever. If it dosent then it was never meant to be.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. - William James
Some minds are like concrete... all mixed up and permanently set.
Epictetus~ If you do not wish to be prone to anger do not feed the habit give it nothing which may tend to its increase.
Charles Dickens~ If a pig could give his mind to anything he would not be a pig.
Carrie Fisher~ You cant find any true closeness in Hollywood because everybody does the fake closeness so well.
Francis Bacon~ Nothing is more damaging to a state than that cunning men pass for wise.
What we must decide is perhaps how we are valuable, rather than how valuable we are. -Edgar Friedenbar
Lily Tomlin~ Reality is a crutch for people who cant handle drugs.
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within. -Earl Nightingale
Mark Twain~ It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them. - Johnson
Forgiveness is like the fragrance a flower gives after it's been stepped on.
Bright lights cast dark shadows when shone from only one direction. -David Kelley
Oscar Wilde~ I was working on the proof of one of my poems all the morning and took out a comma. In the afternoon I put it back again.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. -Og Mandino
Henry H. Haskins~ He who loses money losses much. He who loses a friend loses more. But he who loses faith loses all.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ It is not length of life but depth of life.
T. S. Eliot~ And the wind shall say Here were decent godless people. Their only monument the asphalt road. And a thousand lost golf balls.
Death is hereditary.
For what is faith unless it is to believe what you do not see? -Augustine
English Proverb~ Every path has its puddle.
Victor Hugo~ Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossile to be silent.
Jenna Elfman~ My motto is that I enjoy life. I think theres a kind of simplicity to that way of thinking.
When will people understand that words can cut as sharply as any blade, and that those cuts leave scars upon our souls. - Unknown
The next time the devil reminds you of your past, remind him of his future.
A user friendly computer first requires a friendly user.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ The essence of all beautiful art all great art is gratitude.
John Locke~ A sound mind in a sound body is a short but full description of a happy state in this world.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth~ If you havent got anything nice to say about anybody come sit next to me.
Aristotle~ Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
David Searles~ The tendency of an event to occur varies inversely with ones preparation for it.
Cassia Lewis~ Beyond every effort put first lies an undiscovered opportunity.
Don Herold~ There is nobody so irritating as somebody with less intelligence and more sense than we have.
Theodore Hesburgh~ The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You cant blow an uncertain trumpet.
We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld, French Classical Writer
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
Nimatullah Wali~ Were like the sea people our waves Necessarily we are associated with everyone.
Danish proverb~ Woe to the house where the hen crows and the rooster is still.
Don't find fault, find a remedy. (Henry Ford)
H. P. Lovecraft~ The most merciful thing in the world . . . is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
Oscar Wilde~ It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.
Earl Nightingale~ We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light.
Friedrich von Schelling~ Since it architecture is music in space as it were a frozen music.
Theodore Roosevelt~ When they call the roll in the Senate the Senators do not know whether to answer Present or Not guilty.
David Ben-Gurion~ In Israel in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles.
Harold Wilson~ A week is a long time in politics.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. Theres nothing to do but to stand there and take it.
Rmy de Gourmont~ Very simple ideas lie within the reach only of complex minds.
Every individual has a place to fill in the world, and is important, in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
General Douglas MacArthur~ There is no security on this earth there is only opportunity.
Dan Quayle~ We dont want to go back to tomorrow we want to go forward.
Action may not always be happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ A nation that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan.
e e cummings~ for whatever we lose (like a you or a me) its always ourselves we find in the sea
Ovid~ Love is a driver bitter and fierce if you fight and resist him Easy-going enough once you acknowledge his power.
George-Louis Leclerc de Buffon~ Never think that Gods delays are Gods denials. Hold on hold fast hold out. Patience is genius.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ He who has gone so we but cherish his memory abides with us more potent nay more present than the living man.
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. - B. C. Forbes
Charles De Gaulle~ My dear and old country here we are once again together faced with a heavy trial.
Pete Rose~ Id walk through hell in a gasoline suit to play baseball.
Jeseph Joubert~ To teach is to learn twice.
William Shakespeare~ Nothing will come of nothing.
P Barnum~ Theres a sucker born every minute.
Dame Rose Macaulay~ It was a book to kill time for those who like it better dead.
Daniel Webster~ I was born an American I will live an American I shall die an American.
Harry S Truman~ Study men not historians.
All God wants of man is a peaceful heart. -Meister Eckhart
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand. -Charles F. Kettering
G. C. Lichtenberg~ Man can acquire accomplishments or he can become an animal whichever he wants. God makes the animals man makes himself.
The difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut is about a week.
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. -Thomas Alva Edison
Robert Charles Benchley~ The surest way to make a monkey of a man is to quote him.
Little differences - like a letter in a word - make all the difference in the world.
Democritus~ Do not trust all men but trust men of worth the former course is silly the latter a mark of prudence.
J. Arthur Thomson~ The most powerful factors in the world are clear ideas in the minds of energetic men of good will.
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
Laurence J. Peter~ You can always tell a real friend when youve made a fool of yourself he doesnt feel youve done a permanent job.
Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them. -Aristotle
George Eliot~ Half of the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important.
Self pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in the world. -Helen Keller
A good match blows fire...
John William Fletcher~ Fanaticism is the child of false zeal and of superstition the father of intolerance and of persecution.
Honore de Balzac~ First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint a second time.
Francis Bacon~ Knowledge is power.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Build a dream and the dream will build you.
A. C. Benson~ As I make my slow pilgrimage through the world a certain sense of beautiful mystery seems to gather and grow.
Hans Margolius~ Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted. Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
Charles Caleb Colton~ Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ Anger is only one letter short of danger.
Mark Twain~ Familiarity breeds contempt - and children.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen. -Ernest Hemingway
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping them up. -The Reverend Jesse Jackson, American Civil Rights Leader
Thales~ Know thyself.
Assyrian Proverb~ If you were born lucky even your rooster will lay eggs.
Kin Hubbard~ Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Every fool knows that he cannot reach the stars but it never keeps a wise man from trying. (Ronnie B. Woods)
Housework is something you do that nobody notices until you don't do it.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Hope is only the love of life.
No life without the sun, no Life without the Son.
Marvin D. Levy~ The day a person becomes a cynic is the day he loses his youth.
Charles Franklin Kettering~ The world hates change yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
Elbert Hubbard~ Get happiness out of your work or you may never know what happiness is.
Josephine demott Robinson~ My one aim was to do a thing well and to excel if possible.
He who has a strong enough why can bear almost any how. -Fredrich Nietzsche
Unknown~ It is by chance we met by choice we became friends.
Miguel Cerbantes~ It takes all sorts to make a world.
The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed by just one person. - Vi Putnam
Digital Wisdom: Affirm brain on-line before opening mouth.com.
Titus Livius~ The populace is like the sea motionless in itself but stirred by every wind even the lightest breeze.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why chance it?
Mignon McLaughlin~ Every society honors its live conformists and its dead troublemakers.
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
Arthur Rubinstein~ Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
George Orwell~ He who controls the past commands the future. He who commands the future conquers the past.
John Locke~ A dreamer lives forever And a toiler dies in a day.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Unknown
Anna Sewell~ I am never afraid of what I know.
We would rather have one man or woman working with us than three merely working for us. - J. Dabney Day
Jane Austen~ One cannot fix ones eyes on the commonest natural production without finding food for a rambling fancy.
I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't. -Sir Nathan Rothschild
You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself. -Marcus T. Cicero
Bernard Baruch~ To me old age is always years older than I am.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Nothing costs so much as what is bought by prayers.
A leading authority is anyone who has guessed right more than once.
Sign at animal shelter, Children left unattended will be given a puppy or a kitten.
Mahatma Gandhi~ I think it would be a good idea.
Antione De Riveral~ The sword of justice has no scabbard.
Great eagerness in the pursuit of wealth, pleasure, or honor, cannot exist without sin. -Desiderius Erasmus
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Our task is not to fix the blame for the past but to fix the course for the future.
I'm not saying my boyfriend is thick, but yesterday when we had a gas leak he put a bucket under it
Unknown~ What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Man's way leads to a hopeless end! Gods way leads to an endless hope!
Defeat isn't bitter if you don't swallow it.
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true. -John Lilly
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Materialists and madmen never have doubts.
The closer I'm bound in love to you, the closer I am to free. - Robert G. Ingersoll
Sam Ewig~ Its not the hours you put in your work that counts its the work you put in the hours.
Ovid~ What is harder than rock or softer than water Yet soft water hollows out hard rock. Persevere.
John Henry Newman~ The world is content with setting right the surface of things.
Anonymous~ By courage I repel adversity.
Jacob Braude~ If a thing goes without saying - let it.
It is good to dream, but it is better to dream and work. Faith is mighty, but action with faith is mightier. -Thomas Robert Gaines
Meister Eckhart~ In silence man can most readily preserve his integrity.
When you are standing on the edge of a cliff a step forward is not progress. (Grandfather)
Without haste, but without rest. -Goethe
Aesop~ Union gives strength.
No one can arrive from being talented alone. God gives talent; work transforms talent into genius. -Anna Pavlova
Aristotle~ Dignity consists not in possessing honors but in the consciousness that we deserve them.
When confronted with a Goliath-sized problem, which way do you respond: "He's too big to hit" or like David, "He's to big to miss"?
American Indian Proverb~ Every animal knows more than you do. Nez Perce
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!. -James Dillet Freeman
Anthony Robbins~ Job dissatisfaction is the number one factor in whether you survive your first heart attack.
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding. - Albert Einstein
Francis Bacon~ Revenge is a kind of wild justice which the more mans nature runs to the more ought law to weed it out.
La Bruyere~ We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
Kathleen Norris~ If we are lucky we can give in and rest without feeling guilty. We can stop doing and concentrate on being.
Jerry Coleman~ Billy Almon has all of his inlaw and outlaws here this afternoon.
No rules for success will work if you don't. -Unknown Author
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.
Alexander Graham Bell~ Man is an animal which alone among the animals refuses to be satisfied by the fulfilment of animal desires.
Martin Luther~ The fewer the words the better the prayer.
Theodore Roosevelt~ I wish that all Americans would realize that American politics is world politics.
Yiddish Proverb~ Hope for miracles but dont rely on one.
Anna M. Uhlich~ My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use being anything else.
If everybody thought before they spoke, the silence would be deafening. - George Barzan
Albert Einstein~ God does not care about our mathematical difficulties. He integrates empirically.
Did you hear about the man who lost his whole left side? He's all right now.
Some people think they are concentrating when they're merely worrying. -Bobby Jones
Kin Hubbard~ Boys will be boys and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
I am a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. (Thomas Jefferson)
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were. -Kahlil Gibran
Peter Alcantara~ The trouble is that everyone talks about reforming others and no one thinks about reforming himself.
J. Brotherton~ My riches consist not in the extent of my possessions but in the fewness of my wants.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. -Chinese proverb
Frank Lloyd Wright~ A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his client to plant vines.
Robert Half~ Free advice is worth the price.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
Disappointments should be cremated, not embalmed.
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live. - Joan Borysenko
Bob Dylan~ I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Erich Fromm~ The only truly affluent are those who do not want more than they have.
Honore de Balzac~ Behind every great fortune there is a crime.
Henry Adams~ What one knows is in youth of little moment they know enough who know how to learn.
Anon.~ He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless still dead.
Baltasar Gracian~ It is good to vary in order that you may frustrate the curious especially those who envy you.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce. -Anonymous
Dan Quayle~ We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur.
The difference between a rebel and a patriot is wether who is in power.
I have changed my mind a dozen times. It seems to work better now.
Elbert Hubbard~ Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them.
Pilpay~ There is no gathering the rose without being pricked by the thorns.
Mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. -Mary Kay Ash
Virgil~ They can conquer who believe they can.
Nothing happens unless first a dream. -Carl Sandburg
Anatole France~ The average man who does not know what to do with his life wants another one which will last forever.
Thomas John Watson Sr.~ Nothing so conclusively proves a mans ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.
Socrates~ The unexamined life is not worth living.
An anniversary says, Think of the dreams you have weathered together. They are intimate accomplishments. -Charles R. Swindoll
Calamity is the test of integrity. -Samuel Richardson
Joseph Addison~ I value my garden more for being full of blackbirds than of cherries and very frankly give them fruit for their songs.
The mind is just another muscle. -Ted Turner
Mahatma Gandhi~ I believe in equality for everyone except reporters and photographers.
John Donne~ Love all love of other sights controls And makes one little room an everywhere.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. -Peter F. Drucker
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Kahlil Gibran~ Progress lies not in enhancing what is but in advancing toward what will be.
C. P. Snow~ The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase if you pursue happiness youll never find it.
Laurence J. Peter~ In spite of the cost of living its still popular.
Charles Horton Cooley~ An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
Bill Watterson~ Thats the whole problem with science. Youve got a bunch of empiricists trying to describe things of unimaginable wonder.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare. -Mark Twain
There are times when forgetting can be just as important as remembering, and even more difficult.
Sydney Biddle Barrows~ I ran the wrong kind of business but I did it with integrity.
They are borne along by the violence of their rage, and think it is a waste of time to ask who are guilty. - Lucanus
Dr. Arbthnot~ All political parties die at last of swallowing their own lies.
Charles Caleb Colton~ He that dies a martyr proves that he was not a knave but by no means that he was not a fool.
William Ralph Inge~ The aim of education is the knowledge not of fact but of values.
Joshua D. Clark~ Those who stand strong will stand forever.
Samuel Richardson~ Good men must be affectionate men.
If you want to be happy for a year, plant a garden; if you want to be happy for life, plant a tree. -English proverb
A difference, to be a difference, must make a difference. -James Farr
Caspar de Aguilar~ Porque el miedo sin ser Dios suele hacer algo de nada. (Fear can though it is not God create something from nothing.)
Elvis Presley~ I dont know anything about music. In my line you dont have to.
With coarse rice to eat, with water to drink, and my bended arm for a pillow-I have still joy in the midst of all these things. -Confucius
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny. -Kin Hubbard
John A. Wheeler~ If you havent found something strange during the day it hasnt been much of a day.
Jerry Coleman~ Last nights homer was Willie Stargells th career home run leaving him one shy of .
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results. -Brian Tracy
Few people have any next, they live from hand to mouth without a plan, and are always at the end of their line. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Isocrates~ Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.
Plato~ Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death
Euripides~ A coward turns away but a brave mans choice is danger.
John Petit Senn~ Not what we have But what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes. - Benjamin Franklin
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Thomas Jefferson
Where there are friends there is wealth. -Titus Maccius Plautus
George Sand~ There is only one happiness in life to love and to be loved.
Joseph Conrad~ Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope to love - and to put its trust in life.
Mark Twain~ Grief can take care of itself but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
Start slow and taper off. - Harry S. Truman
Henry Boye~ The most important trip you may take in life is meeting people halfway.
Unknown~ When the time comes for friends to part love will be the bride from heart to heart.
William S. Burroughs~ After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say I want to see the manager.
Never, ever underestimate the power of 'Id Like that. - John Mayer
Avenge yourself; live long enough to be a problem to your children.
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door and the whole world will be clean. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Kahlil Gibran~ Zeal is a volcano the peak of which the grass of indecisiveness does not grow.
Most games are lost, not won. -Casey Stengel
No rest is worth anything except the rest that is earned. -Jean Paul
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
A helping hand is no farther than at the end of your sleeve.
John Tudor~ A rumor without a leg to stand on will get around some other way.
The greatest tragedy is when man gives up what he wants most for what he wants now!
Sir Winston Churchill~ Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount. And the tigers are getting hungry.
Edward Phelps~ The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. (Mark Twain)
The greatest thing in the world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
James Agee~ You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
Euripides~ When love is in excess it brings a man nor honor nor any worthiness.
Everything on the earth has a purpose, every disease an herb to cure it, and every person a mission. - Mourning Dove
Barbara Adams~ If it helps to make people think a little bit more what those ideals are then Ill keep wearing this uniform.
There is no respect for others without humility in one's self. -Henri Frederic Amiel
And we are put on Earth a little space, that we may learn to bear the beams of love. -William Blake.
Hugh Elliott~ Just because you love someone doesnt mean you have to be involved with them. Love is not a bandage to cover wounds.
He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, while he who has one enemy shall meet him everywhere. -Ali bin Abi Talib
Thomas Fuller~ Get the facts or the facts will get you. And when you get them get them right or they will get you wrong.
Buy a Pentium 586/200 so you can reboot faster.
Socrates~ By all means marry if you get a good wife youll be happy. If you get a bad one youll become a philosopher.
Alfred A. Knopf~ An economist is a man who states the obvious in terms of the incomprehensible.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ All are lunatics but he who can analyze his delusions is called a philosopher.
640K ought to be enough for anybody.- Bill Gates
Edward Verall Lucas~ I have noticed that the people who are late are often so much jollier than the people who have to wait for them.
Mark Twain~ It is easier to stay out than get out.
Charles Schwab~ The man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.
Doug Larson~ There are worse things than getting a call for the wrong number at AM. It could be the right number.
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. -John D. Rockefeller
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Age does not make us childish as some say it only finds us true children still.
Benjamin Franklin~ You may delay but time will not.
A homely face and no figure have aided many women heavenward. -Minna Antrim
W. Somerset Maugham~ Like all weak men he laid an exaggerated stress on not changing ones mind.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen. -Brigitte Bardot
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter~ Men like bullets go farthest when they are smoothest.
Carl Jung~ The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances if there is any reaction both are transformed.
Advice is like castor oil, easy enough to give but dreadful uneasy to take. - Josh Billings
Paul Crickmore~ Youve never been lost until youve been lost at Mach .
Ann Landers~ Dont accept your dogs admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Tom Stoppard~ Its not the voting thats democracy its the counting.
Lane Olinghouse~ To err is human to refrain from laughing humane.
It takes as much stress to be a success as it does to be a failure. -Emilio James Trujillo
Success is never final and failure never fatal. It's courage that counts. -Jules Ellinger
The minute you start talking about what you are going to do if you lose, you have lost. (George Schultz)
Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others. -John F. Kennedy
There are two primary choices in life; to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. -Denis Waitley
Talent hits the target which no one else can hit; genius hits the target which no one else can see.
Dave Parnas~ As a rule software systems do not work well until they have been used and have failed repeatedly in real applications.
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein
Accuracy of statement is one of the first elements of truth; inaccuracy is a near kin to falsehood. - Tryon Edwards
Alexander Pope~ Some people will never learn anything for this reason because they understand everything too soon.
Virgil~ Love begets love love knows no rules this is the same for all.
Anacharsis Cloots~ What is mans chief enemy Each man is his own.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ Happiness is not a goal it is a by-product.
N. Sri Ram~ There is no wisdom without love.
Errol Flynn~ It isnt what they say about you its what they whisper.
The challenge is not to manage time, but to manage ourselves. -Steven Covey
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
Ambrose Bierce~ Pray To ask the laws of the universe to be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Euripides~ Dishonor will not trouble me once I am dead.
Jean Jacques Rousseau~ The world of reality has its limits the world of imagination is boundless.
Heinrich Heine~ The fundamental evil of the world arose from the fact that the good Lord has not created money enough.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The first and last thing required of genius is the love of truth.
Ronald Reagan~ Qaddafi counted on America to be passive. He counted wrong.
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher. -Japanese Proverb
You either move toward something you love or away from something you fear. The first expands. The second constricts. -Tom Crum
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. -Benjamin Franklin
In order to shake a hypothesis, it is sometimes not necessary to do anything more than push it as far as it will go. - Denis Diderot
Mark Russell~ The way money goes so fast these days they should paint racing stripes on it.
Woody Allen~ I dont want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous you get knocked down by traffic from both sides.
Yoshida Kenko~ Blossoms are scattered by the wind and the wind cares nothing but the blossoms of the heart no wind can touch.
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it. -Thomas Jefferson
In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love, you want the other person. -Margaret Anderson
If you forget you have to struggle for improvement you go backward. -Geoffrey Hickson
John Kenneth Galbraith~ It is a far far better thing to have a firm anchor in nonsense than to put out on the troubled sea of thought.
The only real failure in life is the failure to try. -Anonymous
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. -Thomas Paine
They never fail who die in a great cause. -George Gordon Byron
Publilius Syrus~ For a good cause wrongdoing is virtuous.
Sign on a church bulletin board: You aren't too bad to come in, You aren't good enough to stay out.
Don Snyder~ Let us hope that we are all preceded in this world by a love story.
Chocolate covered raisins, cherries, orange slices & strawberries all count as fruit, so eat as many as you want.
In Hollywood all the marriages are happy, it's trying to live together afterwards that causes all the problems. -Shelly Winters
Aristotle~ The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold.
Raoul Vaneigem~ Work to survive survive by consuming survive to consume the hellish cycle is complete.
Dick Allen~ If a cow cant eat it I dont want to play on it.
Suburbia is where the bulldozers have knocked down all the trees and the planners rename the roads after them. (Anon, US TV)
Eve Denise Curie~ We discovered that peace at any price is no peace at all.
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort. -Peter Mcwilliams
Italian Proverb~ By asking for the impossible obtain the best possible.
Democritus~ Word is a shadow of a deed.
Stupidity is NOT a handicap! PARK ELSEWHERE!
Bruce Lee~ Knowing is not enough we must apply. Willing is not enough we must do.
The first duty of love is to listen. (Tillich)
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Yesterday is not ours to recover but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose.
If you haven't much education you must use your brain.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ I awoke with devout thanksgiving for my friends.
Wolcott Gibbs~ Backward ran sentences until reeled the mind.
I can get more out of God by believing Him for one minute than by shouting at Him all night. (Smith Wigglesworth)
Mary Bertone~ Talkers are no good doers.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Our friends show us what we can do our enemies teach us what we must do.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. -William Blake
Bruce Williams~ Never love anything that cant love you back.
Woody Allen~ The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf wont get much sleep.
George Burns~ Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair.
Robert Byrne~ There are two kinds of people those who finish what they start and so on.
Happy Gilmore~ Happy Son of a bitch ball. Why cant you go home Arent you good enough for your home Answer me. Suck my white ass ball.
If life deals you a lemon, make lemonade.
Will Rogers~ The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
Robert Albert Bloch~ The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.
An open mind does not always require an open mouth.
Paramahansa Yogananda~ The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
Miguel de Cervantes~ The brave man carves out his fortune and every man is the son of his own works.
Euripides~ Time will explain it all. He is a talker and needs no questioning before he speaks.
Silence is as full of potential wisdom and wit as the unhewn marble of a great sculpture. - Tom Lehrer
Hard work spotlights the character of people; some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all!
Confucius~ The superior man...does not set his mind either for anything or against anything what is right he will follow.
You cannot make a revolution with silk gloves. - Joseph Stalin
Bessie A. Stanley~ He has achieved success who has lived well laughed often and loved much.
William Butler Yeats~ Education is not filling a bucket but lighting a fire.
Cherie Carter-Scott~ Anger makes you smaller while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were.
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Hfiz~ Come for the House of Hope is built on sand bring wine for the fabric of life is as weak as the wind.
Benjamin Harrison~ We Americans have no commission from God to police the world.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ The mere process of growing old together will make the slightest acquaintance seem a bosom friend.
Persistent work triumphs. -Virgil
Brad Moore~ Pride would be a lot easier to swallow if it didnt taste so bad.
Hodding Carter~ There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One is roots the other wings.
To get profit without risk, experience without danger, and reward without work is as impossible as it is to live without being born.
Stella Terrill Mann~ Every time we say Let there be in any form something happens.
Aeschylus~ Time as he grows old teaches all things.
Martin Routh~ You will find it a very good practice always to verify your references sir.
William Shakespeare~ True is it that we have seen better days.
Senator William Grayson~ Last Monday a string of amendments were presented to the lower House these altogether respect personal liberty...
Marquis de Sade~ There is a kind of pleasure which comes from sacrilege or the profanation of the objects offered us for worship.
Benjamin Franklin~ Kill no more pigeons than you can eat.
Plato~ Life must be lived as play.
People never improve unless they look to some standard or example higher or better than themselves. - Tryon Edwards
Heraclitus~ Nothing endures but change.
Oscar Wilde~ Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them they will forgive us everything even our intellects.
Marshall McLuhan~ There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew.
Caesar Augustus~ Young men hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
Christian Nestell Bovee~ No man is happy without a delusion of some kind. Delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities.
None climbs so high as he who knows not whither he is going. -Oliver Cromwell
Leo Tolstoy~ All happy families resemble one another but each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Jerry Coleman~ From the way Dennys shaking his head hes either got an injured shoulder or a gnat in his eye.
Corita Kent~ Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Hellen Keller~ There is no king who has not had a slave among his ancestors and no slave who has not had a king among his.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over.
I would never have amounted to anything were it not for adversity. I was forced to come up the hard way. -J. C. Penney
Duty over desire - may that inspire.
George Bernard Shaw~ No man can be a pure specialist without being in the strict sense an idiot.
The right man is the one who seizes the moment. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Nothing tastes as good as slim feels.
Al Bernstein~ Sometimes the fool who rushes in gets the job done.
Sometimes the answer to prayer is not that it changes life, but that it changes you. -James Dillet Freeman
Oscar Wilde~ The true mystery of the world is the visible not the invisible.
Thomas Hobbes~ The privilege of absurdity to which no living creature is subject but man only.
D. A. Battista~ It marriage happens as with cages the birds without despair to get in and those within despair to getting out.
Focus on remedies, not faults. -Jack Nicklaus
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Thou wilt find rest from vain fancies if thou doest every act in life as though it were thy last.
Stephen King~ If you dont have the time to read you dont have the time or the tools to write.
Under capitalism man exploits man. Under socialism it's just the opposite. (Anon)
Kurt Herbert Alder~ Example is the school of mankind and they will learn at no other.
Make new friends but keep the old; one is silver and the other's gold. -Unknown Author
To him who is determined it remains only to act. -Italian Proverb
Ralph Kiner~ Two-thirds of the earth is covered by water. The other third is covered by Garry Maddox.
Geri Weitzman~ Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be a part of.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ I take it as a mans duty to restrain himself.
E. M. Forster~ We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Joel Rosenberg~ Whatever you want too much you cant have so when you really want something try to want it a little less.
Damien Hess~ Service... Giving what you dont have to give. Giving when you dont need to give. Giving because you want to give.
Andrew Schneider~ Marriage. Its like a cultural hand-rail. It links folks to the past and guides them to the future.
Wilson Mizner~ The worst-tempered people Ive ever met were the people who knew they were wrong.
Indira Gandhi~ You must be still in the midst of activity and be vibrantly alive in repose.
Samuel Butler~ God cannot alter the past but historians can.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. (Abraham Lincoln)
If I chance to talk a little wild, forgive me. -William Shakespeare
Samuel Johnson~ Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Stephen Nachmanovitch~ The noun of self becomes a verb. This flashpoint of creation in the present moment is where work and play merge.
Mistakes show us what we need to learn. -Peter Mcwilliams
If pro is the opposite of con, is progress the opposite of congress? (Richard Lederer)
May-lin Soong Chiang~ We live in the present we dream of the future but we learn eternal truths from the past.
Of all the liars in the world, sometimes the worst are your own fears. -Rudyard Kipling
Helen Hayes~ We relish news of our heroes Forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ God is a comic playing to an audience thats afraid to laugh.
Roth Gabrielle~ If you just set people in motion theyll heal themselves.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ No evil propensity of the human heart is so powerful that it may not be subdued by discipline.
The dullard's envy of brilliant men is always assuaged by the suspicion that they will come to a bad end. -Sir Max Beerbohm
Dante Gabriel Rossetti~ The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ When you get a thing the way you want it leave it alone.
If you chase two rabbits, both will escape. -Anonymous
Washington Irving~ Christmas is a season for kindling the fire for hospitality in the hall the genial flame of charity in the heart.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Mediocrity can talk but it is for genius to observe.
John Lennon~ Would those of you in the cheaper seats clap your hands And the rest of you if youll just rattle your jewelry.
Chinese Proverb~ Teachers open the door but you must enter by yourself.
Richard Hughes~ Do your bit to save humanity from lapsing back into barbarity by reading all the novels you can.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. -Denis Waitley
Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven. -Rabindranath Tagore
Middle age starts when you have been warned to slow down, not by a motorcycle cop, but by your doctor.
Lillian Eichler Watson~ Happiness is not in having being it is in doing.
Nathaniel Hawthorne~ The trees reflected in the river - they are unconscious of a spiritual world so near to them. So are we.
Neva Cole~ Our job is not to straighten each other out But to help each other up.
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self. -Jean-Luc Godard
Oprah Winfrey~ I believe that one of lifes greatest risks is never daring to risk.
Pablo Picasso~ I am always doing that which I can not do in order that I may learn how to do it.
Yesterday ended last night. Every day is a new beginning. Learn the skill of forgetting. And move on. -Norman Vincent Peale
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength. (Corrie Ten Boom)
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Spiritual force is stronger than material force thoughts rule the world.
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is how to live with purpose. -Michel Eyquem
Anything that can be changed will be changed until there is no time left to change anything.
Education and intelligence aren't the same thing!
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ Great is the art of beginning but greater is the art of ending.
Lefty Gomez~ Id rather be lucky than good.
George Bernard Shaw~ I cant forgive my friends for dying I dont find these vanishing acts of theirs at all amusing.
Robert Frost~ Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
Albert Einstein~ What really interests me is whether God had any choice in the creation of the world.
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
Ray Douglas Bradbury~ Find out what your hero or heroine wants and when he or she wakes up in the morning just follow him or her all day.
Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you. -Brian Tracy
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. -Les Brown
Robert Joseph Bob Dole~ You feel a little older in the morning. By noon I feel about .
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. -Joshua J. Marine
Maurice Sendak~ There must be more to life than having everything.
Jean Pierre Claris De Florian~ Unable are the Loved to die For Love is Immortality.
Rodan of Alexandria~ Only a brave person is willing to honestly admit and fearlessly to face what a sincere and logical mind discovers.
Agnes Repplier~ There are few nudities so objectionable as the naked truth.
Abraham Lincoln~ Lets have faith that right makes might and in that faith let us to the end dare to do our duty as we understand it.
Robert R. Coveyou~ The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
T. Starr King~ The spirit of a persons life is ever shedding some power just as a flower is steadily bestowing fragrance upon the air.
Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed. -Coretta Scott King
Samuel Butler~ The course of true anything does not run smooth.
Napoleon~ Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.
E. B. White~ It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Doubt is not a pleasant state of mind but certainty is absurd.
Roger Smith~ You dont just stumble into the future. You create your own future.
Billy Joel~ Youre not the only one whos made mistakes but theyre the only things that you can truly call your own.
Maurice Maeterlinck~ When we lose one we love our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Lily Tomlin~ Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
Anon.~ Money talks...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
Advice is seldom welcome; and those who want it the most always like it the least. - Lord Chesterfield
Samuel Goldwyn~ I had a monumental idea this morning but I didnt like it.
Plato~ Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another.
Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. -Stephen R. Covey
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. (Abraham Lincoln)
Ernest Hemingway~ Only that which makes you feel bad after doing is immoral.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ If there is something to pardon in everything there is also something to condemn.
Mort Sahl~ Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter. Had he run unopposed he would have lost.
German proverb~ Charity sees the need not the cause.
James Fenimore Cooper~ The tendency of democracies is in all things to mediocrity.
One important key to success is self confidence. An important key to self confidence is preparation. -Arthur Ashe
James Thurber~ Nowadays men lead lives of noisy desperation.
There is great force hidden in a gentle command. -George Herbert
Genius makes its observations in short-hand; talent writes them out at length. -Christian Nevell Bovee
If I would be happy, I would be a bad ballplayer. With me, when I get mad, it puts energy in my body. -Roberto Clemente
Publilius Syrus~ Do not despise the bottom rungs in the ascent to greatness.
Sandy Farquhar~ We all grew up in spite of our parents. I trust our children will do likewise.
Kahlil Gibran~ Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Queen Elizabeth I~ Anger makes dull men witty but it keeps them poor.
Trust in the Lord with all you do and you will be prosperous. - Christian Proverb
T. S. Eliot~ The more perfect the artist the more completely separate in him will be the man who suffers and the mind which creates.
Albert Einstein~ Not everything that can be counted counts and not everything that counts can be counted.
How would you like to spend eternity: Smoking or Non-Smoking?
Thomas Jefferson~ That government is best which governs the least because its people discipline themselves.
Freedom is actually a bigger game than power. Power is about what you can control. Freedom is about what you can unleash. -Harriet Rubin
William Shakespeare~ Now join your hands and with your hands your hearts.
Sri da Avabhas~ The secret of my success is that at an early age I discovered I was not God.
George Bernard Shaw~ There are no secrets better kept than the secrets that everybody guesses.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.
Benjamin Franklin~ The doors of wisdom are never shut.
William Shakespeare~ My words fly up my thoughts remain below Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
The flower that follows the sun does so even on cloudy days. -Robert Leighton
Ellen Glasgow~ Though it sounds absurd it is true to say I felt younger at sixty than I felt at twenty.
Alf Landon~ Wherever I have gone in this country I have found Americans.
Johann von Goethe~ Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Ecclesiastes Bible~ All things come alike to all there is one event to the righteous and to the wicked.
The pursuit of truth will set you free; even if you never catch up with it. - Clarence Darrow
You can determine how confident people are by listening to what they don't say about themselves. -Brian G. Jett
The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill
Muriel Spark~ Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
Light tomorrow with today. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Eugene Ionesco~ Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.
An idea, to be suggestive, must come to the individual with the force of revelation. -William James
Eat and drink with your relatives; do business with strangers. (Greek Proverb)
Thornton~ Hope like faith is nothing if it is not courageous it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.
Carl Jung~ As far as we can discern the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
Simon Cameron~ An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought.
Truman Capote~ Its a scientific fact that if you stay in California you lose one point of your IQ every year.
Frank Zappa~ In the fight between you and the world back the world.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Our test of truth is a reference to either a present or imagined future majority in favour of our view.
Change is not merely necessary to life - it is life. -Alvin Toffler
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ This time like all times is a very good one if we but know what to do with it.
Bible~ Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free.
Oscar Wilde~ Biography lends to death a new terror.
Neil Armstrong~ Thats one small step for man one giant leap for mankind.
B. F. Skinner~ Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
We shrink from change; yet is there anything that can come into being without it? -Marcus Aurelius
The fellow who is fired with enthusiasm for his work is seldom fired by his boss.
Ulysses S. Grant~ It is men who wait to be selected and not those who seek from whom we may expect the most efficient service.
James Barrie~ To die will be an awfully big adventure.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Theodore Roosevelt~ The government is us we are the government you and I.
Abbie Hoffman~ The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
Leonardo DaVinci~ As a well-spent day brings happy sleep so life well used brings happy death.
John Buchan~ We can pay our debt to the past by putting the future in debt to ourselves.
James Allen~ Good thoughts bear good fruit bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune. (William James)
Which dreams indeed are ambition, for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream. (William Shakespeare, Hamlet)
Waynes World~ Wayne Garth marriage is punishment for shoplifting in some countries.
English Proverb~ Dont dig your grave with your own knife and fork.
Jerry Frankhauser~ Affirmations are like prescriptions for certain aspects of yourself you want to change.
Anon.~ Cannot find REALITY.SYS...Universe Halted.
Unknown~ Never judge someone till youve walked a mile in their shoes cause then youre a mile away and youve got their shoes.
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. A joyful heart is the inevitable result of a heart burning with love. -Mother Teresa
Groucho Marx~ I never forget a face but in your case Ill be glad to make an exception.
It is of no consequence of what parents a man is born, as long as he be a man of merit. -Horace
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself. -Alexander Graham Bell
Kenneth Patton~ The day I see a leaf is a marvel of a day.
Dan Rather~ An intellectual snob is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture and not think of The Lone Ranger.
There are no passengers on spaceship Earth- we are all the crew.
J. K. Rowling~ The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing and should therefore be treated with great caution.
Havelock Ellis~ The place where optimism most flourishes is the lunatic asylum.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Umberto Eco~ Books are not made to be believed but to be subjected to inquiry.
Eustace Budgell~ Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
Sigmund Freud~ Anatomy is destiny.
Taylor Hanson~ When you want something its not that easy. You have to know what you want and keep going for it.
Live as if your were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
Dwight D Eisenhower~ When you are in any contest you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it.
Grace Hansen~ Dont be afraid your life will end be afraid that it will never begin.
Josiah Royce~ Thinking is like loving and dying. Each of us must do it for himself.
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it. -Verda Ross
Peter Ustinov~ Beliefs are what divide people. Doubt unites them.
Your bottom line starts with your front line. -John Villere
Charles Bukowski~ You begin saving the world by saving one person at a time all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
Ronald Reagan~ I think the presidency is an institution over which you have temporary custody.
Knowing your destination is half the journey. -Unknown Author
He conquers who endures. -Persius
Don Hays~ Emotions are your worst enemy in the stock market.
Douglas MacArthur~ In war there is no substitute for victory.
Batman~ The Joker Here we are the perfect pair... Beauty and the Beast. Mind you if anybody calls you beast Ill rip their lungs out.
Imagination gallops; judgment merely walks. -Proverb
Ruben Studdard~ I just never let anything bother me man. I know myself really well. Nobodys opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ The lusts and greeds of the body scandalize the Soul but it has to come to heel.
Robert Southey~ Not where I breathe but where I love I live Not where I love but where I am I die.
James Abbott McNeill Whistler~ You shouldnt say it is not good. You should say you do not like it and then you know youre perfectly safe.
Harry Emerson Fosdick~ Hating people is like burning down your house to get rid of a rat.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Poetry the best words in the best order.
Martha Stewart~ Life is too complicated not to be orderly.
Maxim Gorky~ A good man can be stupid and still be good. But a bad man must have brains.
William Shakespeare~ Thy words I grant are bigger for I wear not my dagger in my mouth.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. -Carl Bard
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest. -Unknown. - Unknown
Publius Cornelius Tacitus~ Rumor is not always wrong. - from Life of Agricola
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I concede
It is not failure itself that holds you back; it is the fear of failure that paralyzes you. -Brian Tracy
He who stops being better stops being good. -Oliver Cromwell
It takes guts to get out of the ruts. -Robert Schuller
Robert Frost~ Something we were withholding made us weak until we found out it was ourselves.
Richard von Weizscker~ Seeking to forget makes exile all the longer the secret of redemption lies in remembrance.
Many a man thinks he is buying pleasure, when he is really selling himself to it. (Benjamin Franklin)
We must be the change we wish to see in the world. -Gandhi
Lewis Carroll~ Take care of the sense and the sounds will take care of themselves.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If God dwells inside us like some people say I sure hope He likes enchiladas because thats what Hes getting
Stendhal~ A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
E. Howard Hunt~ No one is entitled to the truth.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ ...happiness gives us the energy which is the basis of health.
Scott Adams~ Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Robert Benchley~ Defining and analyzing humor is a pastime of humorless people.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. -Arnold Bennet
Josh Billings~ Some folks as they grow older grow wise but most folks simply grow stubborner.
Child Age ~ The people who think Tiny Tim is strange are the same ones who think it odd that I drive without pants.
To belittle is to be little.
Baltasar Gracian~ Put yourself on view. This brings your talents to light.
Bette Davis~ If youve never been hated by your child youve never been a parent.
Seneca~ It is not the man who has too little but the man who craves more that is poor.
Heinrich Heine~ Dieu me pardonnera cest son metier. (God will pardon me thats his job.)
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. - Zora Neale Hurston
Russell Baker~ People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out of the pleasure.
Marva Collins~ Trust yourself. Think for yourself. Act for yourself. Speak for yourself. Be yourself. Imitation is suicide.
Juvenal~ Luxury is more deadly than any foe.
A man is a worker. If he is not that he is nothing. -Joseph Conrad
Don Marquis~ When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work ask him Whose~ );
Without God, I can not. Without me, God will not.
Herodotus~ It is better to be envied than pitied.
Thinking is heavily endorsed. -Mal Pancoast
Character is higher than intellect. A great soul will be strong to live as well to think. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Titus Maccius Plautus~ No man is wise enough by himself.
A lie told often enough becomes truth. - Lenin (vladimir Ulyanov)
Lawrence Peter Berra~ Baseball is percent mental. The other half is physical.
Samuel Johnson~ That fellow seems to posses but one idea and that is the wrong one.
John Greenleaf Whittier~ The saddest thing of word or pen To know the things that might have been.
Miguel Gervantes~ Take care your worship those things over there are not giants but windmills.
The nice thing about teamwork is that you always have others on your side. -Margaret Carty
Wisdom is knowing when to speak your mind and when to mind your speech. - Evangel
Such power there is in clear-eyed self-restraint. -James Russell Lowell
Oscar Levant~ Im going to memorize your name and throw my head away.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor. -Elizabeth 1. - Elizabeth 1
Michael Friedman~ The scientific name for an animal that doesnt either run from or fight its enemies is lunch.
Johann von Goethe~ Whatever you can do or dream you can begin it. Boldness has genius power and magic in it.
Big egos have little ears. -Robert Schuller
George Eliot~ Falsehood is easy truth so difficult.
Piet Mondrian~ The position of the artist is humble. He is essentially a channel.
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise. View life as a continuous learning experience. -Denis Waitley
Debate is the death of conversation. - Emil Ludwig
Abraham Maslow~ If the only tool you have is a hammer you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Horace~ Seize today and put as little trust as you can in tomorrow.
Unknown~ It isnt always necessary to achieve great things. Sometimes just surviving is a great achievement.
Socrates~ Remember what is unbecoming to do is also unbecoming to speak of.
Every choice you make has an end result. -Zig Ziglar
Jeremy Taylor~ Mistake not. Those pleasures are not pleasures that trouble the quiet and tranquillity of thy life.
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory. - Cadman
W. C. Fields~ There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability to overcome bad luck. -Channing Pollock
Publilius Syrus~ The fear of death is more to be dreaded than death itself.
Arab Proverb~ The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Be beautiful if you can, wise if you want to...But be respected, that is essential. (Anna Gould)
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think. -Ayn Rand
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life; it goes on.
Confucius~ The superior man is satisfied and composed the mean man is always full of distress.
John Romano~ The smaller the understanding of the situation the more pretentious the form of expression.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The character of every act depends upon the circumstances in which it is done.
Aristotle~ In the arena of human life the honours and rewards fall to those who show their good qualities.
William James~ Only necessity understood and bondage to the highest is identical with true freedom.
Jules Renard~ Failure is not the only punishment for laziness there is also the success of others.
Conan Doyle~ It is a capital mistake to theorize before you have all the evidence. It biases the judgment.
Without risk there is no opportunity for gain.
Elizabeth II~ The upward course of a nations history is due in the long run to the soundness of heart of its average men and women.
Theodore Isaac Rubin~ Kindness is more important than wisdom and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it. -Mal Pancoast
Aretha Franklin~ I always felt rock and roll was very very wholesome music.
You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again. -Bonnie Prudden
Charm is getting the answer yes without asking a clear question. (Albert Camus)
Oceans Eleven~ Rusty Shane youve got three pairs. You cant have six cards You cant have six cards in a five-card game
Christian Nestell Bovee~ For Gods sake dont say yes until Ive finished talking.
Silence is golden, and example is the best teacher, so is a silent example a golden teacher, ..... or is a silent teacher a golden example?
The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the one that gets the grease. - Josh Billings
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of the eye. The more light you shine on it the more it will contract.
Remember, your relatives had no choice in the matter either.
He adorned whatever subject he either spoke or wrote upon, by the most splendid eloquence. -Philip Dormer Shanhope, Lord Cheserfield
Andr Maurois~ Lost Illusion is the undisclosed title of every novel.
All the world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming. -Helen Keller
Do not follow where the path my lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -George Bernard Shaw
Jeff Pesis~ Hardware the parts of a computer that can be kicked.
W. Somerset Maugham~ The rain fell alike upon the just and upon the unjust and for nothing was there a why and a wherefore.
German proverb~ Who begins too much accomplishes little.
Francois Rabelais~ So much is a man worth as he esteems himself.
Love possesses not nor would it be possessed; for love is sufficient unto love. -Kahlil Gibran
Johann von Goethe~ Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
The noblest revenge is to forgive. (Thomas Fuller)
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Fate leads the willing and drags along the unwilling. - Epistulae ad Lucilium
Jimmy Stewart~ Ive wrestled with reality for years Doctor and Im happy to state I finally won out over it.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. -Tolstoy
Borrow money from pessimists. They don't expect it back.
Those who the Gods would destroy First they would make angry Haliburton -Greek. - Greek Proverb
One must learn how to lose before learning how to play. (Mexican Proverb)
Dorothy Parker~ If all the girls who attended the Yale prom were laid end to end I wouldnt be a bit surprised.
Laurence J. Peter~ It is wise to remember that you are one of those who can be fooled some of the time.
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead. - Anonymous
If you are not leaning, no one will let you down. -Dr. Robert Anthony
Valerie Sokolosky~ There is one universal gesture that has one universal message - a smile
Hope is one of those things in life you cannot do without. -LeRoy Douglas
Beverly Sills~ You may be disappointed if you fail but you are doomed if you dont try.
Saint Jerome~ The line often adopted by strong men in controversy of justifying the means by the end.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Love the little trade which thou hast learned and be content therewith.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer~ Action springs not from thought but from a readiness for responsibility.
Harry S Truman~ If you cannot convince them confuse them.
Thomas Fuller~ If you command wisely youll be obeyed cheerfully.
Leadership is an opportunity to serve. It is not a trumpet call to self importance.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Every mans life lies within the present for the past is spent and done with and the future is uncertain.
I've learned that it's those small daily happenings that make life so spectacular. - Andy Rooney
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not. -Samuel Johnson
Bern Williams~ Ideas are like wandering sons. They show up when you least expect them.
Blaise Pascal~ Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything we ought to know a little about everything.
Mother Theresa~ One must really have suffered oneself to help others.
Coco Chanel~ How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Sallust~ Small communities grow great through harmony great ones fall to pieces through discord.
The Talmud~ Join the company of lions rather than assume the lead among foxes.
Virgil~ Do not trust the horse Trojans Whatever it is I fear the Greeks even though they bring gifts.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. -Al Bernstein
The sovereign invigorator of the body is exercise, and of all the exercises walking is the best. -Thomas Jefferson
Andrew Mercer~ Only the most foolish of mice would hide in a cats ear but only the wisest of cats would think to look there.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ The visionary lies to himself the liar only to others.
Samuel Johnson~ Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble.
You can observe a lot by just watching. -Yogi Berra
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Tom Stoppard~ Eternitys a terrible thought. I mean wheres it all going to end
Cardinal de Retz~ A man who doesnt trust himself can never truly trust anyone else.
A man who is attracted by your mental appearance loves you more than a man who is attracted by your physical appearance.
Of course, there's now a higher percentage of seat belt users. The non-users are slowly being killed off.
Henny Youngman~ I once wanted to become an atheist but I gave up - they have no holidays.
Spike Milligan~ Are you going to come quietly or do I have to use earplugs
Edgar Allan Poe~ Never to suffer would never to have been blessed.
John Donne~ Death comes equally to us all and makes us all equal when it comes.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.~ High school is closer to the core of the American experience than anything else I can think of.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A mans wife has more power over him than the state has.
Speed Kills! Use Windows.
Not to alter one's faults is to be faulty indeed. -Confucius
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Pretty much all the honest truth-telling there is in the world is done by children.
Use what talent you possess:/ the woods would be very silent/ if no birds sang except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
Cornelius Tacitus~ Keen at the start but careless at the end.
The love received is the love that is saved. - Eddie Vedder
Matt Groening~ Families are about love overcoming emotional torture.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired. -Jules Renard
Do illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Mark Twain~ I must have a prodigious quantity of mind it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
Passion holds up the bottom of the universe and genius paints up its roof. -Chao Chang
Automatic simply means that you can't repair it yourself.
Scottish Proverb~ Get what you can and keep what you have thats the way to get rich.
Walter Savage Landor~ People like nails lose their effectiveness when they lose direction and begin to bend.
A. E. Houseman~ I a stranger and afraid in a world I never made.
The difference between failure and success is doing a thing nearly right and doing it exactly right. -Edward Simmons
The secret of good writing is to say an old thing in a new way or to say a new thing in an old way. -Richard Harding Davis
Russell Wayne Baker~ Misery no longer loves company. Nowadays it insists on it.
A friend is someone who has the same enemies you have. (Abraham Lincoln)
Douglas Noel Adams~ I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Aesop~ Put your shoulder to the wheel.
One chance is all you need. -Jesse Owens
Rabindranath Tagore~ Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day. -Ronnie Milsap
Unknown~ If your prayers were always answered youd have a reason to doubt the wisdom of God.
Graffito~ Id give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Fyodor Dostoevsky~ The second half of a mans life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
Max Lucado~ A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Henry David Thoreau~ If a man constantly aspires is he not elevated
How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then rest afterward. -Spanish Proverb
My life has been filled with terrible misfortune; most of which never happened. -Montaigne
Turkish Proverb~ Be thine enemy an ant see in him an elephant..
George~ Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
Love God more than you fear hell.
People in power need the power of prayer.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ We confess our little faults to persuade people that we have no large ones.
The gap between advice and help is very wide.
Carl Sandburg~ One of the greatest necessities in America is to discover creative solitude.
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. -John Wooden
John Erksine~ In simplest terms a leader is one who knows where he wants to go and gets up and goes.
The most wonderfully complex fictional character is much less complicated than the most boring actual person. - Unknown
Theodore Hesburgh~ Anyone who refuses to speak out off campus does not deserve to be listened to on campus.
John Maynard Keynes~ The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. -Earl Nightingale
David Frost~ Hes turned his life around. He used to be depressed and miserable. Now hes miserable and depressed.
Don't wait for someone else to make your life terrific. That's your job. -Unknown author
Si, Se Puede! (Yes, we are able!) -Cesar Chavez
Sir Walter Raleigh~ Tis a sharp medicine but it will cure all that ails you. - last words before his beheadding
Joan Borysenko~ Tisnt life that matters Tis the courage you bring to it.
Knowing what to say is not always necessary; just the presence of a caring friend can make a world of difference. (Sheri Curry)
Martha Graham~ The body is shaped disciplined honored and in time trusted.
Arnold Bennett~ It is well when judging a friend to remember that he is judging you with the same godlike and superior impartiality.
John Updike~ Perfectionism is the enemy of creation as extreme self-solicitude is the enemy of well-being.
Harold Taylor~ The roots of true achievement lie in the will to become the best that you can become.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. - Anonymous
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism. -Norman Vincent Peale
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ I have seen gross intolerance shown in support of toleration.
If you're headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns. -Unknown Author
Ruth Stout~ Working in the garden...gives me a profound feeling of inner peace.
Clare Booth Luce~ Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Bhagavad Gita~ Death is as sure for that which is born as birth is for that which is dead. Therefore grieve not for what is inevitable.
Cecil Andrus~ The National Rifle Association are the gun nuts of the world.
Give us clear vision that we may know where to stand and what to stand for because unless we stand for something we shall fall for anything.
Thomas Mann~ It is love not reason that is stronger than death.
Oliver Herford~ Cat a pygmy lion who loves mice hates dogs and patronizes human beings.
Will Rogers~ See what will happen if you dont stop biting your fingernails
William Shakespeare~ Whats done cant be undone.
Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so... get on you way. -Dr. Seuss
Diane Ackerman~ Look in the mirror. The face that pins you with its double gaze reveals a chastening secret.
If we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds. -Wayne Dyer
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Anyone who does not feel sufficiently strong in memory should not meddle with lying.
Laertius Diogenes~ I am a citizen of the world.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Far too many people spend their lives reading the menu instead of enjoying the banquet.
Randolph Bourne~ Few people even scratch the surface much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.
Will Rogers~ This country has come to feel the same when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer.
Charles Barkley~ The only difference between a good shot and a bad shot is if it goes in or not.
Why does Queen Elizabeth, who has people to put on her make-up, do her hair, and needs no cash or identification carry a purse?
There were computers in Biblical times. Eve had an Apple.
Epictetus~ No man is free who is not master of himself.
Thomas Fuller~ He does not believe that does not live according to his belief.
You can measure a man by the opposition it takes to discourage him. -Robert C. Savage
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Adopt the pace of nature her secret is patience.
Homer~ All men have need of the gods.
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line. - Bonnie Lin
If absence makes the heart grow fonder, some people must really love church.
Lord, be merciful, shut me up when my life speaks so much louder than my words.
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. - William A. Ward
Always recognize that human individuals are ends, and do not use them as means to your end. -Immanuel Kant
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. (Ashleigh Brilliant)
Destiny grants us our wishes, but in its own way, in order to give us something beyond our wishes. -Goethe
Lyndon B. Johnson~ A compassionate government keeps faith with the trust of the people and cherishes the future of their children.
James Agee~ Truth lies within a little and certain compass but error is immense.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Some people are so dry that you might soak them in a joke for a month and it would not get through their skins.
Allison Ling~ Bluntness is a virtue.
Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it. -Francis Bacon
Where there's a will, there's a way. -English Proverb
Theodore Roosevelt~ Do what you can with what you have where you are.
Waynes World~ Benjamin Hey who wants Chinese Takeout I know a great place Wayne Ill have the cream of sum yung guy.
Jose Ortega y Gasset~ Order is not pressure which is imposed on society from without but an equilibrium which is set up from within.
An error doesn't become a mistake until you choose to ignore it.
Henry George~ Man is the only animal whose desires increase as they are fed the only animal that is never satisfied.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. (Eleanor Roosevelt)
Cicero~ What we call pleasure and rightly so is the absence of all pain.
Oscar Wilde~ Whenever a man does a thoroughly stupid thing it is always from the noblest motives.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there. (Charles F. Keetering)
Sebastian R. N. Chamfort~ The most wasted day of all is that during which we have not laughed.
George Burns~ Id rather be a failure at something I enjoy than a success at something I hate.
Aldous Huxley~ Finding bad reasons for what one believes for other bad reasons - thats philosophy.
Theres Something About Mary~ Warren Franks and Beans Franks and Beans
No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come. -Victor Hugo
A brook would lose its song if God removed the rocks.
Archimedes~ Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it and I shall move the world.
Cicero~ Let your desires be ruled by reason.
The face of Garbo is an Idea, that of Hepburn an Event. - Roland Barthes
Why do they call it research, if they are looking for something new?
No horse goes as fast as the money you bet on him.
Today's preparation determines tomorrow's achievement. -unknown
Eric Butterworth~ More important than learning how to recall things is finding ways to forget things that are cluttering the mind.
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. -William Feather
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ To listen closely and reply well is the highest perfection we are able to attain in the art of conversation.
Francis Bacon~ Books must follow sciences and not sciences books.
Erich Fromm~ One cannot be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often.
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. -Ralph H. Blum
Kin Hubbard~ Theres no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didnt tell you about it
Akira Kurosawa~ In a mad world only the mad are sane.
Cicero~ A mind without instruction can no more bear fruit than can a field however fertile without cultivation.
America is a country where half the money is spent buying food, and the other half is spent trying to lose weight.
Jeremy Taylor~ Meditation is the tongue of the soul and the language of our spirit.
French Proverb~ Ready money works great cures.
Claudianus~ He who desires is always poor.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Even on the most exalted throne in the world we are only sitting on our own bottom.
Blaine Lee~ The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out starting with himself.
It is our special duty, that if anyone needs our help, we should give him such help to the utmost of our power. -Cicero
Woody Allen~ The good people sleep much better at night than the bad people. Of course the bad people enjoy the waking hours much more.
Adolf Hitler~ The leader of genius must have the ability to make different opponents appear as if they belonged to one category.
Saul Bellow~ Wise men talk because they have something to say fools talk because they have to say something.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ We must use time as a tool not as a couch.
Aristotle~ All men by nature desire knowledge.
Herodotus~ This is the bitterest pain among men to have much knowledge but no power.
Saint Augustine~ He who does not have the church as his mother does not have God as his Father.
Ann Landers~ The best way to find something you have lost is to buy a replacement.
Kindness in words creates confidence Kindness in thinking creates profoundness Kindness in giving creates love. -Lao-Tzu
Thomas Hardy~ The sudden disappointment of a hope leaves a scar which the ultimate fulfillment of that hope never entirely removes.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist. -Mark Twain
Salman Rushdie~ Our lives teach us who we are.
Licretius~ There is no place in nature for extinction.
Erma Bombeck~ Dont confuse fame with success. Madonna is one Helen Keller is the other.
Seneca~ Wherever there is a human being there is an opportunity for kindness.
Karen Casey~ Truly loving another means letting go of all expectations. It means full acceptance even celebration of anothers personhood.
Be good or be good at it!
She is an expert housekeeper: every time she gets divorced, she keeps the house.
Anthony DAngelo~ Never stop learning knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
John P. Loughrane~ It is a sign of strength not of weakness to admit that you dont know all the answers.
Paul Pearsall~ We come to feel as we behave.
Character is destiny. -Heraclitus
Bhagavad Gita~ Governing sense mind and intellect intent on liberation free from desire fear and anger the sage is forever free.
Ovid~ Tears at times have all the weight of speech.
The great lie of the news media: "I am the public".
Homer McLin~ A humorist is a fellow who realizes first that he is no better than anybody else and second that nobody else is either.
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it. -Arabian proverb
Fortune has rarely condescended to be the companion of genius. -Isaac D'israeli
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me. -Zina Garrison
Lewis Carroll~ If you dont know where you are going any road will take you there.
Alexander Pope~ Love free as air at sight of human ties Spreads his light wings and in a moment flies.
Sir William Temple~ Human status ought not to depend upon the changing demands of the economic process.
Mother Theresa~ People who really want help may attack you if you help them. Help them anyway.
David McCord~ I want to know not his earning power but his yearning power.
Martin Fraquhar Tupper~ Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech.
When the flower blooms, the bees come uninvited. -Rama Krishna
Danish proverb~ Laws like the spiders webs catch the flies and let the hawk go free.
I want there to be no peasant in my kingdom so poor that he cannot have a chicken in his pot every Sunday. - Henry Iv
It's not having been in the dark house, but having left it that counts. -Theodore Roosevelt
You're getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster.
Rudyard Kipling~ The sin they do two by two they must pay for one by one.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Coincidences are spiritual puns.
When you come to the end of your rope...tie a knot and hang on. -Franklin D Roosevelt
Janet Jackson~ There are two sides of the Velvet Rope. Those who want to be on the other side and those who are on the other side.
Thomas Fuller~ Education begins a gentleman conversation completes him.
William Blake~ If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is infinite.
James A. Garfield~ History is philosophy teaching by example and also warning its two eyes are geography and chronology.
Walter Savage Landor~ Kindness in ourselves is the honey that blunts the sting of unkindness in another.
Barry Goldwater~ To insist on strength ... is not war-mongering. It is peace-mongering.
Israel Salanter~ Promote yourself but do not demote another.
Barbara Tuchman~ History is the unfolding of miscalculation.
He is not ready to lose a minute of his life, but he's ready to lose his life in a minute.
Our problems are man-made, therefore they may be solved by man. No problem of human destiny is beyond human beings. -John F. Kennedy
Nelson Henderson~ The true meaning of life is to plant trees under whose shade you do not expect to sit.
John Lennon~ I remember a time when everybody I loved hated me because I hated them. - Letter to Stuart Sutcliffe circa
Eric Sevareid~ Next to power without honor the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor.
Gore Vidal~ The more money an American accumulates the less interesting he becomes.
Dream as if you'll live forever... live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
John Ernst Steinbeck~ Lord how the day passes Its like a life - so quickly when we dont watch it and so slowly if we do.
Johann von Goethe~ Character develops itself in the stream of life.
W. Somerset Maugham~ When things are at their worst I find something always happens.
Christopher Morley~ There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you never see the shadow. -Helen Keller
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. -William James
Miguel de Cervantes~ I think it a very happy accident.
William Blackstone~ It is better that ten guilty escape than one innocent suffer.
Johann von Goethe~ The highest happiness of man ... is to have probed what is knowable and quietly to revere what is unknowable.
Eric Hoffer~ Woe to him inside a nonconformist clique who does not conform with nonconformity.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough.
Heywood Brown~ He who dies a thousand deaths meets the final hour with the calmness of one who approaches a well remembered door.
Anne Marie Pierce~ Only dreamers can teach us to soar.
William of Baskerville~ So rather than appear foolish afterward I renounce seeming clever now.
Thomas Fuller~ All commend patience but none can endure to suffer.
Greek Proverb~ The beginning is the half of every action.
Life is fragile ... handle with prayer.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours. -Les Brown
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying. -Christian Furchtegott Gellert
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read. -Groucho Marx
Why do tourists go to the tops of tall buildings and then put money into telescopes so they can see things on the ground close-up?
Albert Einstein~ It would be a sad situation if the wrapper were better than the meat wrapped inside it. (referring to clothing)
People who think honestly and deeply have a hostile attitude towards the public. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
H. Jackson Browne~ Do you always want to be right or do you want to be happy
The greatest obstacle to progress is prejudice. -Bavee
Music is well said to be the speech of angels. -Thomas Carlyle
William G. McAdoo~ It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.
Home is where the computer is plugged in.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
When you are arguing with an idiot, make sure the other person isn't doing the same thing.
The real problem is what to do with the problem-solvers after the problems are solved. - Gay Talese
Virginia~ The beauty of the world has two edges one of laughter one of anguish cutting the heart asunder.
Brenda Ueland~ So you see imagination needs moodling - long inefficient happy idling dawdling and puttering.
People will believe most anything that is whispered to another.
If the speed of light is 186,000 mph, what is the speed of dark?
Where talent is a dwarf, self-esteem is a giant. - Conceits and Caprices. - J. Petit-senn
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. -John F Kennedy
Samuel Cunningham~ Preparation is not the enemy of success but a dear friend. Be good to yourself and the favor will return.
Thomas Alva Edison~ There is no substitute for hard work.
Paul E. Gray~ The most important outcome of education is to help students become independent of formal education.
Let me tell you the secret that has led to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacity. -Louis Pasteur
My life has been filled with terrible misfortune; most of which never happened. -Michel Eyquem
Woody Allen~ Money is better than poverty if only for financial reasons.
Maria Mitchell~ Study as if you were going to live forever live as if you were going to die tomorrow.
Integrity is the foundation upon which all other values are built. -Brian Tracy
Art Linkletter~ The four stages of man are infancy childhood adolescence and obsolescence.
Humphrey Bogart~ The only reason to have money is to tell any SOB in the world to go to hell.~ );
Axel Monthe~ What you keep for yourself you lose. What you give away you keep forever.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ I quote others only in order the better to express myself.
We have not inherited the earth from our ancestors, we have only borrowed it from our children. (Ancient Proverb)
To sentence a man of true genius, to the drudgery of a school is to put a racehorse on a treadmill. - Charles Caleb Colton
Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in the gratefully and appreciating heart. -Henry Clay
Nathaniel Hawthorne~ What other dungeon is so dark as ones own heart What jailer so inexorable as ones self
Some people drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge, while some others only gargle.
John Quinton~ Politicians are people who when they see light at the end of the tunnel they go out and buy more tunnel.
Doubt is the beginning, not the end, of wisdom. -George Iles
If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make, who would you call and what would you say? Why are you waiting?
Miguel de Cervantes~ Let me leap out of the frying-pan into the fire or out of Gods blessing into the warm sun.
Time flies. It's up to you to be the navigator. -Robert Orben
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people. (Oriental Proverb)
Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young. -W. Somerset Maugham
Blaise Pascal~ The eternal silence of these infinite spaces fills me with dread.
Stephen Spender~ History is the ship carrying living memories to the future.
A weakened sense of responsibility does not weaken the fact of responsibility. -William J. Bennett
Be enthusiastic as a leader. You can't light a fire with a wet match! -Unknown Author
If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play. -John Cleese
Cocaine is God's way of telling you you're making too much money. - Robin Williams
Mark Twain~ Why shoudnt truth be stranger than fiction Fiction after all has to stick to the possibilities.
Caroline Norton~ We have been friends together in sunshine and in shade.
Benjamin Franklin~ Many men die at twenty-five and arent buried until they are seventy-five.
Secret admirers make us believe things about ourselves that we always hoped were true. - Anonymous
Polish Proverb~ Under capitalism man exploits man under socialism the reverse is true.
Hunter S. Thompson~ When the going gets weird The weird turn pro.
When someone falls, don't laugh at them. Help them up. They will pay you back some day. - Brooklyn Marie
Sydney Harris~ As long as there are human beings there will be the idea of brotherhood - and an almost total inability to practice it.
Honore de Balzac~ Marriage must incessantly contend with a monster that devours everything familiarity.
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have. - Socrates
Samuel Butler~ It is in the uncompromisingness with which dogma is held and not in the dogma or want of dogma that the danger lies.
John Heisman~ When in doubt punt
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ Preserving health by too severe a rule is a worrisome malady.
Truman Capote~ Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Don't sweat the petty things, and don't pet the sweaty things.
The fool who persists in his folly will become wise. - William Blake
Art Hoppe~ If there is no God who pops up the next Kleenex
Every truth has two sides; it is well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either. (Aesop)
The zoo is a place for animals to study the behaviour of human beings.
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. -Chinese Proverb
Claude M. Bristol~ Its the constant and determined effort that breaks down resistance sweeps away all obstacles.
A single conversation with a wise man is worth a month's study of books. -Chinese Proverb
It said "Insert disk 3..." but only 2 fit.
Constant use will wear out anything... especially friends.
William Feather~ Beware of the man who wont be bothered with details.
Peter De Vries~ The value of marriage is not that adults produce children but that children produce adults.
Anne McCaffrey~ Make no judgements where you have no compassion.
Programmer's Time-Space Continuum: Programmers continuously space the time.
W. H. Auden~ One cannot review a bad book without showing off.
Tommy Smothers~ The only valid censorship of ideas is the right of people not to listen.
Don't worry that there won't be a tomorrow, it's already tomorrow in Australia.
It is not length of life, but depth of life. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Trey and Matt Stone Parker~ A Haiku is just like a normal American poem except that it doesnt rhyme and its totally stupid.
Richard Bach~ You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it however.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
No matter what you want to do, there's always something else that has to be done first.
Danish proverb~ Ask advice only of your equals.
Davis Love Jr.~ When its breezy hit it easy.
Emma Albani~ I had always loved beautiful and artistic things though before leaving America I had had a very little chance of seeing any.
German proverb~ Love your neighbor but dont tear down your fence.
If you put a small value on yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price. -Unknown Author
Albert Einstein~ Only two things are infinite the universe and human stupidity and Im not sure about the former.
When you get right down to the root of the meaning of the word succeed, you find that it simply means to follow through. -F. W. Nichol
Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands. -Seneca
Work your way up or rust your way out. -Holton
William Shakespeare~ He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument.
Tell me...I will forget. Show me...I might remember. Involve me...I will understand. (chinese proverb)
Barry Neil Kaufman~ To a talkative woman Madam dont you have any unexpressed thoughts
Jerry Coleman~ All the Padres need is a flyball in the air.
Few persons are made of such strong fiber that they will make a costly outlay when surface work will pass as well in the market. - E. M. Bounds
James Grover Thurber~ Love is what youve been through with somebody.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. -Eleanor Roosevelt
To dilute the will to win is to destroy the purpose of the game. There is no substitute for victory. -Douglas MacArthur
Chinese Proverb~ The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out.
Jeff Melvoin~ Chris says its all in the doing but to tell you the truth theres a lot to be said for the having.
Weinbaum~ If you cant excel with talent triumph with effort.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. - Henry Ford
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all. -George Washington
Steven Wright~ I bought some batteries but they werent included.
If your energy is as boundless as your ambition, total commitment may be a way of life you should seriously consider. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
Don't let the littleness in others bring out the littleness in you.
You can't change the wind, you can however adjust your sails. -unknown
A promise is a debt. (Irish Proverb)
Thomas Szasz~ Two wrongs dont make a right but they make a good excuse.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Marriage is an adventure like going to war.
Doug Ferrari~ MTV is the lava lamp of the s.
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. -Marcus Aurelius
Mohammad~ A mans true wealth is the good he does in the world.
John Dewey~ The self is not something ready-made but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
Lao Tzu~ To be worn out is to be renewed.
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you. -Baltasar Gracian
Never take counsel of your fears. (Andrew Jackson)
System going down at 1:45 for disk crashing.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ To live as one likes is plebian the noble man aspires to order and law.
Publilius Syrus~ If you wish to reach the highest begin at the lowest.
Our job is not to set things right but to see them right. -Eric Butterworth
Henry Ford~ An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.
Charles Franklin Kettering~ Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Peter Ustinov~ Children are the only form of immortality that we can be sure of.
Franklin P. Adams~ You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have for instance.
History will be kind to me or I intend to write it. -Winston Churchill
Be a spot on the ground where nothing is growing, where something might be planted, a seed, from the Absolute. -Tao Saying
Al Franken~ Its easier to put on slippers than to carpet the whole world.
Fidel Castro~ The revolution ... is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters.
Archilocus~ The fox knows many things but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
It's good to shut up sometimes. -Marcel Marceau
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public. (Bryan White)
No one is free who does not lord over himself. - Claudius
Danish proverb~ Under a tattered cloak you will generally find a good drinker.
The chains of habit are generally too small to be felt until they are too strong to be broken. -Samuel Johnson
Mario Puzo~ Never get angry. Never make a threat. Reason with people.
Socrates~ Children today are tyrants. They contradict their parents gobble their food and tyrannize their teachers.
Purpose serves as a principle around which to organize our lives. -Author unknown
Kahlil Gibran~ Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love love recompenses the adorers.
John F. Kennedy~ We need men who can dream of things that never were.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. -Albert Schweitzer
Success, or failure, very often arrives on wings that seem mysterious to us. -Dr. Marcus Bach
Use your weaknesses; aspire to the strength. -Sir Lawrence Olivier
Steven Wright~ I was walking down the street wearing glasses when the prescription ran out.
I don't pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages. - Robert Bosch
Sharon Salzberg~ We learn and grow and are transformed not so much by what we do but by why and how we do it.
Abraham Lincoln~ No man is good enough to govern another man without that others consent.
Success is relative - the more success, the more relatives.
Kahlil Gibran~ Art arises when the secret vision of the artist and the manefestation of nature agree to find new shapes.
William Shakespeare~ When we are born we cry that we are come To this great stage of fools.
William Pickens~ The best time to do a thing is when it can be done.
Laertius Diogenes~ We have two ears and only one tongue in order that we may hear more and speak less.
Mahatma Gandhi~ You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other. -Euripides
Hesiod~ A bad neighbor is a misfortune as much as a good one is a great blessing.
J. Michael Straczynski~ The quality of our thoughts is bordered on all sides by our facility with language.
William J. Bennett~ We dont need more assault rifles on our streets right now.
Bernd Brecher~ There are many elements to a campaign. Leadership is number one. Everything else is number two.
Bertrand Russell~ The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way.
M. Hirschfield~ Love is only the game that is not called on account of darkness.
Baltasar Gracian~ It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterward.
Laertius Diogenes~ Blushing is the color of virtue.
Erich Fromm~ The successful revolutionary is a statesman the unsuccessful one a criminal.
Jenny Craig~ Its not what you do once in a while its what you do day in and day out that makes the difference.
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. (French proverb)
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves. -Sir Edmund Hillary
Talk is cheap. Words are plentiful. Deeds are precious. -H Ross Perot
George Washington~ To please everybody is impossible were I to undertake it I should probably please nobody.
If love is blind, is lingerie considered Braille?
Vince Lombardi~ Winning is a habit. Unfortuantely so is losing.
Why do they call this a word processor? It's simple, ... you've seen what food processors do to food, right?
Lin Yutang~ This I conceive to be the chemical function of humor to change the character of our thought.
Albert Camus~ We always deceive ourselves twice about the people we love - first to their advantage then to their disadvantage.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; Others whenever they go.
I know UNIX, PASCAL, C, FORTRAN, COBOL, and nineteen other high-tech words.
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ God to me it seems is a verb not a noun proper or improper.
Richard Bach~ In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny. -Frank Mckinney Hubbard
Mencius~ Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Oliver L. North~ I thought using the Ayatollahs money to support the Nicaraguan resistance ... was a neat idea.
We can only create what we can imagine. (Robert B. Mackay)
Karen Blixen~ The earth was made round so we would not see too far down the road.
Need some time to be alone, try washing the dishes!
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves it is useless to seek it elsewhere.
Ludwig Wittgenstein~ The limits of my language mean the limits of my world.
Every great man is unique. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Susanne Millen~ Only cat lovers know the luxury of fur-coated musical hot water bottles that never go cold.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. -Elizabeth Bibesco
George Bernard Shaw~ All professions are conspiracies against the laity.
I've learned that no matter how serious your life requires you to be, everyone needs a friend to act goofy with. - Andy Rooney
Hellen Keller~ College isnt the place to go for ideas.
Unknown~ I look at my myself and see a stone I look at my friends and see gold But I look at you and see a gem.
Socrates~ People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.
There's never a new fashion but it's old. - The Canterbury Tales. - Chaucer
Mark Twain~ Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned. - Notebook
If corn oil comes from corn....where does baby oil come from?
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, one hundred. - Horace (Quintus Horatius Flaccus)
While there's life, there's hope. -Roman saying
Johann von Goethe~ Nothing shows a mans character more than what he laughs at.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ I am not ashamed to confess that I am ignorant of what I do not know.
You can't test courage cautiously.
Chinese Proverb~ Take a second look... It costs you nothing.
Monica Baldwin~ I have always felt that the moment when first you wake up in the morning is the most wonderful of the twenty-four hours.
Kurt Herbert Alder~ The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ To wear your heart on your sleeve isnt a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best.
It's always the challenge of the future, this feeling of excitement, that drives me. -Yoshihisa Tabuchi
Geof Greenleaf~ Class is how you treat people who can do nothing for you.
Alice Walker~ The most important question in the world is Why is the child crying
You see things; and you say Why? But I dream things that never were; and I say Why not? -George Bernard Shaw
Thy word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path. [Psalm 119:105]. -Bible
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. -Anonymous
Evan Esar~ Statistics The only science that enables different experts using the same figures to draw different conclusions.
Sophocles~ Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Radiquet~ A true artist is born with a unique voice and cannot copy so he has only to copy to prove his originality.
Art Buchwald~ You cant make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All youre doing is recording it.
Half a man's wisdom goes with his courage. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thomas Fuller~ Learning makes a man fit company for himself.
Norman Cousins~ Laughter is inner jogging.
Wil Wheaton~ Im keenly aware of the Pride coming before the Fall . . . but I really do like what Ive been able to do here.
Archibald Alexander~ Nature never makes any blunders when she makes a fool she means it.
Stephen Crane~ A man said to the universe Sir I exist However replied the universe. The fact has not created in me A sense of obligation.
My circumstances do not make me what I am, they reveal who I have chosen to be. (from James Allen). -Wayne Dyer
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. (Thomas Paine)
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Man is born to trouble, as the sparks fly upward. Job v.7. - Bible
To be the agent whose touch changes nature from a wild force to a work of art is inspiration of the highest order. -Bob Rodale
Truth indeed rather alleviates than hurts, and will always bear up against falsehood, as oil does above water. -Miguel de Cervantes
Bobby Sanghavi~ I am not an optimist but i am not a pessimist what I am is a realist.
Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf. - American Indian Proverb
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel. -James Allen
When it's all over, it's not who you were. It's whether you made a difference. -Bob Dole
F. Scott Fitzgerald~ In a real dark night of the soul it is always three oclock in the morning day after day.
If you drop a white glove into the mud, the glove will get muddy but the mud will never get glovey.
There are two types of pain in this life; that of discipline, which lasts a short while... and that of regret, which can last a life time.
Alexander Pope~ Be thou the first true merit to befriend his praise is lost who stays till all commend.
Sarah Knowles Bolton~ Forget the past and live the present hour.
Frank A. Clark~ Why not upset the apple cart If you dont the apples will rot anyway.
Robert Graves~ Every English poet should master the rules of grammar before he attempts to bend or break them.
Margaret Fuller~ When your dreams tire they go underground and out of kindness thats where they stay.
Avoid being impatient. Remember time brings roses. - Unknown
Susan Sarandon~ The world is made for people who arent cursed with self-awareness.
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ God is a verb.
Mahatma Gandhi~ The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
James Allen~ Circumstances do not determine a man they reveal him.
At the gambling table, there are no fathers and sons. ~ Chinese Proverb
Max Lerner~ When you choose the lesser of two evils always remember that it is still an evil.
Life is a field of unlimited possibilities. -Deepak Chopra
Steven Patrick Callahan~ Dreams ideas and plans not only are an escape they give me purpose a reason to hang on.
Your responsibility is your response to His ability.
Aristotle~ Philosophy is the science which considers truth.
Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder. -Arnold Toynbee
James Albert Michener~ Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Great services are not canceled by one act or by one single error.
Marguerite Duras~ In love there are no vacations No such thing. Love has to be lived fully with its boredom and all that.
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires. -Abigail Van Buren. - Abigail Van Buren
Anna Lappe~ Every time you spend money youre casting a vote for the kind of world you want.
La Rochefoucauld~ Philosophy triumphs easily over past evils and future evils but present evils triumph over it.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails = 4 given
Horace~ To save a mans life against his will is the same as killing him.
Unknown~ Life lives life dies. Life laughs life cries. Life gives up and life tries. But life looks different through everyones eyes.
Kahlil Gibran~ If you cannot work with love but only with distaste it is better that you should leave your work.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. (Warren Buffet)
That place is so crowded, nobody goes there anymore. (Yogi Berra)
Mark Twain~ I am not one of those who in expressing opinions confine themselves to facts.
Jack Benny~ Growing old is a case of mind over matter. If you dont mind it doesnt matter.
John Maynard Keynes~ The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any reward.
Groucho Marx~ My mother loved children - she would have given anything if I had been one.
James Kelly~ A ragged colt may prove a good horse. And so may an untoward slovenly boy prove a decent and useful man.
Will Rogers~ Im not a real movie star. Ive still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Young people nowadays imagine that money is everything and when they grow older they know it.
Rudyard Kipling~ He wrapped himself in quotations- as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors.
As long as a man stands in his own way, everything seems to be in his way. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Of all natures gifts to the human race what is sweeter to a man than his children~ );
Swear, food, or starve; for the dilemma's even; A tradesman thou! and hope to go to heaven? - John Dryden
Delores Seats~ Inquisitiveness and strength make me want to rise above my valley-bound brothers. I must reach the summit to see the truth.
Anger as soon as fed is dead  'Tis starving makes it fat. - Emily Dickinson
It's important for parents to live the same things they teach.
Heinrich Heine~ Whenever books are burned men also in the end are burned.
Saadi~ O wise man wash your hands of that friend who associates with your enemies.
Francis Bacon~ Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not a sense of humor to console him for what he is.
Isaac Bashevis Singer~ We have to believe in free will. Weve got no choice.
Josh Billings~ The fools in this world make about as much trouble as the wicked do.
Tom Stoppard~ Revolution is a trivial shift in the emphasis of suffering.
Chinese Proverb~ The palest ink is better than the best memory.
Sophocles~ There is no sense in crying over spilt milk.
Publilius Syrus~ We must give lengthy deliberation to what has to be decided once and for all.
They fail, and they alone, who have not striven. -T B Aldrich
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her. - Anonymous
Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Im like old wine. They dont bring me out very often but Im well preserved.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. -Aristotle
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava let em go because man theyre gone.
Charles Dickens~ Reflect on your present blessings of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes of which all men have some.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Love is an ideal thing marriage a real thing a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
Lucille S. Harper~ The nice thing about egotists is that they dont talk about other people.
Lady Bird Johnson~ The way you overcome shyness is to become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid.
William Shakespeare~ Though this be madness yet there is method in t.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. (Leo Buscaglia)
Jill Peterson~ It is because they took the easy way out That rivers and people go crooked.
Saint Augustine~ O Lord help me to be pure but not yet.
Love is infallible; it has no errors, for all errors are the want of love. -William Law
Eric Hoffer~ The basic test of freedom is perhaps less in what we are free to do than in what we are free not to do.
CaddyShack~ Spalding Smails This is good stuff. I got it from a Negro. Youre probably high already and you dont even know it.
Persist and persevere, and you will find most things that are attainable, possible. -Lord Chesterfield
Albert Camus~ Real generosity toward the future consists in giving all to what is present.
Albert Einstein~ If I had only known I would have been a locksmith.
You can tell the character of every man when you see how he receives praise. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The manager accepts the status quo; the leader challenges it. -Warren Bennis
Robert Francis Kennedy~ The statesmans duty is to bridge the gap between his nations experience and his vision.
What passes as a woman's intuition, is usually nothing more than a mans transparency.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom. -Thomas Jefferson
Where there is no vision, there is no hope. -George Washington Carver
Lawana Blackwell~ The hatred youre carrying is a live coal in your heart - far more damaging to yourself than to them.
George Bernard Shaw~ Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.
Confucius~ Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never. - Charles Caleb Colton
The ability to accept responsibility is the measure of the man. - Roy L. Hunt
Jane Austen~ A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
Jean de La Fontaine~ The opinion of the strongest is always the best.
The best way to keep your kids out of hot water is to put some dishes in it.
Hope is putting faith to work when doubting would be easier. -Unknown Author
There is no such thing as a self-made man. You will reach your goals only with the help of others. -George Shinn
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Those who cannot tell what they desire or expect still sigh and struggle with indefinite thoughts and vast wishes.
I have no problem keeping secrets. It's the people I tell...
Shakti Gawain~ Every time you dont follow your inner guidance you feel a loss of energy loss of power a sense of spiritual deadness.
Booker T. Washington~ Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him and to let him know that you trust him.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The less government we have the better.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette~ Writing only leads to more writing.
J & A Foundation~ A turtle with no legs tends not to go anywhere.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not. - La Rochefoucauld
Thought is, perhaps, the forerunner and even the mother of ideas, and ideas are the most powerful and the most useful things in the world.
Doug Larson~ The cat could very well be mans best friend but would never stoop to admitting it.
Proverbs Bible~ He who ignores discipline despises himself but whoever heeds correction gains understanding.
Muhammad Ali~ Its hard to be humble when youre as great as I am.
The greatest genius will never be worth much if he pretends to draw exclusively from his own resources. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Never read a book that is not a year old.
The only one who is wiser than anyone is everyone. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Galileo Galilei~ All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered the point is to discover them.
Mark Twain~ Cauliflower is nothing but Cabbage with a College Education.
Remember son, many a good story has been ruined by over verification. - James Gordon Bennett
Two men look out the same prison bars; one sees mud and the other stars. -Frederick Langbridge
By the time you can make ends meet, they move the ends.
Rabbi Julius Gordon~ Love is not blind - it sees more not less. But because it sees more it is willing to see less.
Brooks Atkinson~ The perfect bureaucrat everywhere is the man who manages to make no decisions and escape all responsibility.
Pablo Picasso~ Give me a museum and Ill fill it.
Frederick W. Faber~ The buried talent is the sunken rock on which most lives strike and founder.
Benjamin Franklin~ Genius without education is like silver in the mine.
You are the land. The land is you. -Merlin
Matthew Arnold~ But each day brings its petty dust Our soon-chokd souls to fill And we forget because we must And not because we will.
John Cleese~ If life were fair Dan Quayle would be making a living asking Do you want fries with that
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything. -George Lois
George Washington~ Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience.
Ellen Glasgow~ I agree with every word you write and I can prove this in no better way than by taking your advice from beginning to end.
There is always a touch of sadness around the most beautiful things in life !. - Bhalchandra
Kindness: a language the deaf can hear, the blind can see, and the mute can speak.
Wayne Knight~ If you had to have a diploma or a GED to collect unemployment youd see a lot more kids staying in school.
The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it. -Lord Macaulay
Steven Pearl~ I phoned my dad to tell him I had stopped smoking. He called me a quitter.
Marcel Proust~ Love is space and time measured by the heart.
R. D. Cumming~ A good book has no ending.
People will buy anything that is 'one to a customer.'. - Sinclair Lewis
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. -Elbert Green Hubbard
Elizabeth Taylor~ Success is a great deodorant.
Thomas a Kempis~ First keep the peace within yourself then you can also bring peace to others.
William Shakespeare~ Small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast.
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. -Carl Buehner
T. S. Eliot~ We know too much and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion and so is our religion.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain
Japanese Proverb~ Dont stay long when the husband is not at home.
Terence~ There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
If I've learned anything in the past quarter century, it is that we cannot federalize virtue. -George Bush
The body is a community made up of its innumerable cells or inhabitants. -Thomas Alva Edison
Let the beauty of what you love, be what you do. -Rumi
Don Quixote~ But if you build your life on dreams its prudent to recall a man with moonlight in his hands has nothing there at all.
Johann von Schiller~ He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times.
La Rochefoucauld~ Quarrels would not last long if the fault were only on one side.
Ellen Herman~ Joel Thats the movies Ed. Try reality. Ed No thanks.
Heywood~ I doubt whether the world holds for anyone a more soul-stirring surprise than the first adventure with ice cream.
Sue Murphy~ Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in I think thats how dogs spend their lives.
W. Edwards Deming~ It is not enough to do your best you must know what to do and *then* do your best.
Robert Bresson~ Make visible what without you might perhaps never have been seen.
Gloria Steinem~ Each individual womans body demands to be accepted on its own terms.
Concentration is the secret of strengths in politics, in war, in trade, in short in all management of human affairs. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Regardless of how much patience we have, we would prefer never to use any of it. -James T. O'Brien
America's future walks through the doors of our schools every day. -Mary Jean LeTendre
Theodor Wiesengrund Adorno~ Intolerance of ambiguity is the mark of an authoritarian personality.
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionably. -Walt Disney
Ronald Reagan~ I believe Moses was when God first commissioned him for public service.
We all of us need assistance. Those who sustain others themselves want to be sustained. - The Way of the Heart. - Maurice Hulst
Maya Angelou~ Without courage you cannot practice any of the other virtues.
Oscar Wilde~ The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
Edgar Watson Howe~ A good scare is worth more to a man than good advice.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
Mentat Prayer~ It is by will alone that I set my mind in motion.
The first 90% of project takes 90% of the time, the last 10% takes the other 90% of the time.
Robert Burns~ The best-laid schemes o mice an menGang aft agley.
Is the glass half empty, half full, or twice as large as it needs to be?
Martin Luther~ Grant that I may not pray alone with the mouth help me that I may pray from the depths of my heart.
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen. -Richard M. DeVos
Johann von Goethe~ We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
You cannot be wimpy out there on the dream-seeking trail. Dare to break through barriers, to find your own path. -Les Brown
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. -Albert Schweitzer
George W. Bush~ We will not tire we will not falter and we will not fail.
Johann von Goethe~ The society of women is the element of good manners.
Voltaire~ I have never made but one prayer to God a very short one O Lord make my enemies ridiculous. And God granted it.
Ansel Adams~ There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Woody Allen~ Why are our days numbered and not say lettered
If you want to make good use of your time, you've got to know what's most important and then give it all you've got. -Lee Iacocca
Conditions are never just right. People who delay action until all factors are favorable do nothing. (William Feather)
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny. -Jean Nidetch
Booker T. Washington~ There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high simple and useful life.
You cannot beat a roulette table unless you steal money from it. ~ Albert Einstein
Philip Guedalla~ History repeats itself historians repeat each other.
Unknown~ The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Scott Adams~ The creator of the universe works in mysterious ways. But he uses a base ten counting system and likes round numbers.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ A weak mind is like a microscope which magnifies trifling things but cannot receive great ones.
Time ripens all things, no man is born wise. -Miguel de Cervantes
Emily Dickinson~ We turn not older with years but newer every day.
Mark Twain~ There is nothing so annoying as to have two people talking when youre busy interrupting.
William Shakespeare~ How use doth breed a habit in a man.
When it seems that someone has shattered your dreams....pick up even the smallest of pieces and use them to build bigger and better dreams. - Unknown
Robert Whitney Boynton~ One survey found that ten percent of Americans thought Joan of Arc was Noahs wife....
Advice is seldom welcome, and those who need it the most, like it the least. - Lord Chesterfield
Charles Caleb Colton~ The greatest friend of Truth is time her greatest enemy is Prejudice and her constant companion Humility.
Francis Bacon~ Reading maketh a full man conference a ready man and writing an exact man.
Let me give so much time to the improvement of myself that I shall have no time to criticize others. (Dean Cresham)
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Lester R Bittel~ Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open.
Steven Wright~ If a word in the dictionary were mispelled how would we know
Douglas Noel Adams~ If you dont change your beliefs your life will be like this forever. Is that good news
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ All mankind love a lover.
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. -Muhammed Ali
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ Dont worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward.
Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, and paradise is when you have none.
Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. -John Petit-Senn
We are all here for a spell. Get all the good laughs you can. -Will Rogers
Aristotle~ It is the nature of desire not to be satisfied and most men live only for the gratification of it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Every man alone is sincere. At the entrance of a second person hypocrisy begins.
Joe Theismann~ The word genius isnt applicable in football. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein.
No God - No Peace. Know God - Know Peace.
Good habits result from resisting temptation. -Ancient Proverb
Trust but verify. (Russian proverb)
The difference between involvement and commitment is like ham and eggs. The chicken is involved; the pig is committed. -Martina Navratilova
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
Blaise Pascal~ It is not good to be too free. It is not good to have everything one wants.
There is something in the pang of change more than the heart can bear, unhappiness remembering happiness. -Euripides
Joseph Addison~ Courage is the thing. All goes if courage goes.
I don't understand complicated problems. I only understand simple ones. - Richard Deupree
Laertius Diogenes~ Time is the image of eternity.
It's not than I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -Albert Einstein
Plutarch~ It is certainly desirable to be well descended but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
Edward Young~ A God all mercy is a God unjust.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ If you want to catch something running after it isnt always the best way.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain. -Robert Frost
Sometimes I'm asked by kids why I condemn marijuana when I haven't tried it. The greatest obstetricians in the world have never been pregnant.
Frank Tyger~ If you cannot lift the load off anothers back do not walk away. Try to lighten it.
William Shakespeare~ Et tu Brute
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
Octavio Paz~ Love is an attempt at penetrating another being but it can only succeed if the surrender is mutual.
Daniel Webster~ Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality. - Henry Ward Beecher
Peggy Fleming~ The ultimate goal should be doing your best and enjoying it.
Benjamin Franklin~ It isnt what you know that counts its what you think of in time.
Pliny the Younger~ An object in possession seldom retains the same charm that it had in pursuit.
Kierkegaard~ Far from idleness being the root of all evil it is rather the only true good.
John Ruskin~ We were not sent into this world to do anything into which we can not put our heart.
No individual raindrop ever considers itself responsible for the flood.
What sunshine is to flowers...smiles are to humanity.
Amelia Earhart~ Flying may not be all plain sailing but the fun of it is worth the price.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ A person buying ordinary products in a supermarket is in touch with his deepest emotions.
We can't always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. (Franklin D. Roosevelt)
Alicia Barnhart~ True love never dies for it is lust that fades away. Love bonds for a lifetime but lust just pushes away.
Great individuals are not only popular themselves, but they give popularity to whatever they touch. - Fournier
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Go often to the house of thy friend for weeds choke the unused path.
American Indian Proverb~ We do not inherit the land we borrow it from our children.
Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk. -Unknown Author
The Seven Sages~ Know thyself.
Robert Anton Wilson~ Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt... Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt except themselves.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I hope that after I die people will say of me That guy sure owed me a lot of money.
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath. -Solon
Persevere and get it done. -George Allen
Love is like water; We can fall in it. We can drown in it. And we can't live with out it. - Unknown
Two kinds of people: Those who finish what they start and ...
Persius~ He conquers who endures.
Mignon McLaughlin~ Its the most unhappy people who most fear change.
The squeaking wheel doesn't always get the grease..sometimes it gets replaced.
Thomas Fuller~ He that plants trees loves others beside himself.
Benjamin Franklin~ Where theres marriage without love there will be love without marriage.
Aristotle~ The best political community is formed by citizens of the middle class.
If you get to thinkin' you're a person of some influence, try orderin' somebody else's dog around.
Blade~ Frost When was the last time you stopped to appreciate a good sunset- oh yeah thats right. You were born a vampire.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first. -David H Comins
Robert Francis Kennedy~ Whatever must happen ultimately should happen immediately.
John Calvin~ Every one of us is even from his mothers womb a master craftsman of idols.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Let us welcome controversial books and controversial authors.
Joe Moore~ There are no answers only cross-references.
Sigmund Freud~ One is very crazy when in love.
Aristotle~ Law is mind without reason.
Edgar Watson Howe~ If you dont learn to laugh at trouble you wont have anything to laugh at when youre old.
CaddyShack~ Al Czervik Last time I saw a mouth like that it had a hook in it.
Keep your thinking right And your business will be right. -Zig Ziglar
Henry Kissinger~ The conventional army loses if it does not win. The guerrilla wins if he does not lose.
Heraclitus~ Abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise.
Thomas Herrick~ To get thine ends lay bashfulness aside Who fears to ask doth teach to be denyd.
Aristophanes~ A mans homeland is wherever he prospers.
Mike Phillips~ Money will come when you are doing the right thing.
If you want to be well liked never lie about yourself, and be careful when telling the truth about others.
Cesare Lombroso~ Genius is one of the many forms of insanity.
Joe E. Louis~ I dont like money actually but it quiets my nerves.
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others. -Danny Thomas
David Borenstein~ Tis nobler to lose honor to save the lives of men than it is to gain honor by taking them.
I am not discouraged because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. -Thomas Alva Edison
Andr Maurois~ There are certain persons for whom pure Truth is a poison.
Proverbs Bible~ As a man thinketh so is he
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Under peaceful conditions the militant man attacks himself.
Mark Twain~ A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
Johann von Goethe~ If you must tell me your opinions tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
Gwendolyn Brooks~ To be in love Is to touch with a lighter hand. In yourself you stretch you are well.
Billy Madison~ Principal Any attempt to cheat especially with my wife who is a dirty dirty tramp and I am just gonna snap.
Marian Evans~ Our deeds determine us as much as we determine our deeds.
Publilius Syrus~ It is a bad plan that admits of no modification.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ Not all who wander are lost.
Robert Orben~ Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If Im not there I go to work.
Everybody can be great. Because anybody can serve.. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin
Josh Billings~ A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
To think too long about doing a thing, often becomes its undoing.
Cesare Pavese~ We do not remember days we remember moments.
Repetition is the mother of skill. (might be someone else who wrote it). -Anthony Robbins
Samuel Butler~ Loyalty is still the sameWhether it win or lose the gameTrue as a dial to the sunAlthough it be not shined upon.
Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of a certain income can indulge. - George William Curtis
J. G. Holland~ God gives every bird its food but He does not throw it into its nest.
Where there is an open mind, there will always be a frontier. -Charles F. Kettering
Living with a saint is more grueling than being one. - Robert Neville
Vincent Van Gogh~ Do not quench your inspiration and your inmagination do not become the slave of your model.
It's all that the young can do for the old, to shock them and keep them up to date. -George Bernard Shaw
Virgil~ Look with favour upon a bold beginning.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. -Johann von Goethe
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. -Thomas Watson
Conviction is worthless unless it is converted into conduct. (Thomas Carlyle)
Alimony is having an ex-husband you can bank on.
We increase whatever we praise. The whole creation responds to praise, and is glad. -Charles Fillmore
Mary Kay Ash~ People fail forward to success.
Alexis Carrel~ The love of beauty in its multiple forms is the noblest gift of the human cerebrum.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking.
Mark Twain~ Man will do many things to get himself loved he will do all things to get himself envied.
The real being, with no status, is always going in and out through the doors of your face. -Lin-chi
Charles Dickens~ Any man may be in good spirits and good temper when hes well dressed. There aint much credit in that.
Hugh Elliott~ You can always tell youre in trouble when the good option involves a prosthetic leg.
Carl Weick~ Chaotic action is preferable to orderly inaction.
H.L. Mencken~ For every human problem there is a neat simple solution and it is always wrong
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ No man ever became wise by chance.
Zig Ziglar~ If you want to reach a goal you must see the reaching in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.
The envious praise me unknowingly. (Kahlil Gibran)
Wee Willie Keeler~ I keep my eyes clear and I hit em where they aint.
Nigel Kneale~ Were not quite so bumbling and hopeless as you like to think.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
George Sand~ Work is not mans punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure.
The one thing you can give and still keep is your word.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ If you want to cut your own throat dont come to me for a bandage.
Sir Frederick G. Banting~ No one has ever had an idea in a dress suit.
If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what was yesterday?
William Hazlitt~ Men of genius do not excel in any profession because they labor in it but they labor in it because they excel.
Demosthenes~ The man who has received a benefit ought always to remember it but he who has granted it ought to forget the fact at once.
Sir Henry Wotton~ An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad to lie for his country.
Jules Renard~ Love is like an hourglass with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
Abraham Lincoln~ And in the end its not the years in your life that count. Its the life in your years.
Bertrand Russell~ To fear love is to fear life and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love. -David McCullough
Anonymous~ Any piece of clothing can be sexy with a quietly passionate woman inside it.
Bob Moawad~ Help others get ahead. You will always stand taller with someone else on your shoulders.
Bertha von Suttner~ After the verb to Love to Help is the most beautiful verb in the world.
D. H. Lawrence~ Be still when you have nothing to say when genuine passion moves you say what youve got to say and say it hot.
H. G. Wells~ Fools make researches and wise men exploit them.
English Proverb~ This is courage in a man to bear unflinchingly what heaven sends.
J. Russel Lynes~ Every journalist has a novel in him which is an excellent place for it.
Frank Caplan~ Play has been mans most useful preoccupation.
You will find that the only thing you can do easily is be wrong, and that's hardly worth the effort. (Norton Juster)
William Peter Horn~ You always smile but in your eyes your sorrow shows.
Marya Mannes~ Generosity with strings is not generosity It is a deal.
Joseph Conrad~ Facing it always facing it thats the way to get through. Face it.
I go on working for the same reason that a hen goes on laying eggs. -H L Mencken
It's not so much how busy you are, but why you are busy. The bee is praised. The mosquito is swatted. -Mary O'Connor
Love is not a game, so don't be a player.
Assyrian Proverb~ The tallest blade of grass is the first to be cut by the scythe.
Aldous Huxley~ Maybe this world is another planets hell.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. - Indira Gandhi
Proverbs Bible~ If thine enemy be hungry give him bread to eat.
Max Eastman~ Dogs laugh but they laugh with their tails.
George Bernard Shaw~ Reading made Don Quixote a gentleman. Believing what he read made him mad.
All the other questions... still without an answer...
Temperance is a bridle of gold. - Burton
Joe Moore~ Marriage love honor and negotiate.
Alfred North Whitehead~ It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.
Juvenal~ Be gentle with the young.
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ Sometimes I think were alone. Sometimes I think were not. In either case the thought is staggering.
Confidence is contagious and so is lack of confidence, and a customer will recognize both. -Vincent Lombardi
Alexander Woollcott~ All the things I really like to do are either illegal immoral or fattening.
Today's beautiful moments are tomorrow's beautiful memories.
It is not always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
William James~ There is no more miserable human being than one in whom nothing is habitual but indecision.
The cynic says, One man can't do anything. I say, Only one man can do anything. -John W. Gardner
Mary Kay Utech~ Its not a problem that we have a problem. Its a problem if we dont deal with the problem.
Edward Irving Koch~ Were in the hands of the state legislature and God but at the moment the state legislature has more to say than God.
Anon.~ Success always occurs in private and failure in full view.
Charles Robert Darwin~ Man is descended from a hairy tailed quadruped probably arboreal in its habits.
Graffito~ Is there life before death
The search for wisdom is a great challenge; to act on wisdom is an even greater challenge. (Jagad Guru)
Don't hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love. -Leo Buscaglia
Erik Nupponen~ To solve the problems of today we must focus on tomorrow.
Dave Barry~ The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates.
Great things are not done by impulse but by a series of small things brought together -Vincent Van Gogh
The answer to having a better life is not about getting a better life, it's just about changing how we see the one we have right now.
Rush Hour~ Carter This is the United States of James Carter here. Im the president Im the emperor Im the king. Im Michael Jackson you Tito
My father always told me, "Find a job you love and you'll never have to work a day in your life.". -Jim Fox
Anon.~ Crime like disease is not interesting it is something to be done away with by general consent and that is all about it.
If you want something done, ask someone who is busy!
Confucius~ Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Douglas Jerrold~ Happiness grows at our own firesides and is not to be picked in strangers gardens.
When you can't trace God's hand, trust His heart.
Jonathan Kozol~ Pick battles big enough to matter small enough to win.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause. - Victor Hugo
Isaac Disraeli~ There is an art of reading as well as an art of thinking and an art of writing.
Charles Caleb Colton~ Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.
What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry? Never lick the spoon.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.~ Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be.
Nothing can harm a good man, either in life or after death. -Socrates
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. -St Francis Sales
People do not quit playing because they grow old. They grow old because they quit playing. (Oliver Wendell Holmes)
The ad in the paper said 'Big Sale. Last Week.' Why advertise? I already missed it. They're just rubbing it in. (Yakov Smirnoff)
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
He that undervalues himself will undervalue others, and he that undervalues others will oppress them. - Johnson
Unknown~ Love is blind friendship closes its eyes.
Assyrian Proverb~ It is not the horse that draws the cart but the oats.
Alice Walker~ I have learned not to worry about love but to honor its coming with all my heart.
Benjamin Franklin~ Beware of the young doctor and the old barber.
John Barrymore~ Die I should say not dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
Victor Hugo~ Common sense is in spite of not the result of education.
Decide carefully, exactly what you want in life, then work like mad to make sure you get it! -Hector Crawford
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ When you give yourself you receive more than you give.
When a thought is too weak to be expressed simply, simply drop it. -Marquis de Vauvenargues
Phyllis George~ The most popular labor-saving device is still money.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ Ours not to reason why Ours but to do and die.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Anyone can count the seeds in an apple but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
George Bernard Shaw~ There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great. - Comte Debussy-rabutin
Arthur Schopenhauer~ There is no doubt that life is given us not to be enjoyed but to be overcome-to be got over.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ All things must change to something new to something strange.
I can not dial 911. There's no 11 on my phone.
Don't run through life so fast that you forget not only where you've been but also where you're going.
Will Rogers~ Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
Claire Huchet Bishop~ Those who marry to escape something usually find something else.
A long life may not be good enough, but a good life is long enough. (Benjamin Franklin)
Anon.~ The best book on programming for the layman is Alice in Wonderland but thats because its the best book on anything for layman.
Norman Thomas~ If you want a symbolic gesture dont burn the flag wash it.
Pir Vilayat Inayat Khan~ Everything is energy in motion.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ All is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
Be intent on the perfection of the present day. -William Law
One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team. -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
John Wooden~ Its what you learn after you know it all that counts.
Stephen Covey~ Doing more things faster is no substitute for doing the right things.
T. S. Eliot~ The last temptation is the greatest treason to do the right deed for the wrong reason.
Don Marquis~ Pity the meek for they shall inherit the earth.
Douglas Noel Adams~ The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks dont.
Dutch Proverb~ He who undertakes too much seldom succeeds.
E. B. White~ Somehow not only for ChristmasBut all the long year throughThe joy that you give to othersIs the joy that comes back to you.
Holding on to a hurt creates more hurt.
Only those who have learned a lot are in a position to admit how little they know. - L. Carte
Time heals what reason cannot. -Seneca
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. -Goethe
Swordfish~ Gabriel Well...life is stranger than fiction sometimes.
Henry James~ She was a woman who between courses could be graceful with her elbows on the table.
Robert Leighton~ The flower that follows the sun does so even on cloudy days.
Euripides~ Chance fights ever on the side of the prudent.
Your manuscript is both good and original; but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good.
Dan McKinnon~ Be aware that a halo has to fall only a few inches to be a noose.
David Mamet~ Free speech is the whole thing the whole ball game. Free speech is life itself.
Armand Jean du Plessis Richelieu~ Give me six lines written by the most honorable of men and I will find an excuse in them to hang him.
Sigmund Freud~ One must not be mean with the affections what is spent of the fund is renewed in the spending itself.
Max Ehrmann~ Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Nicholas Murray Butler~ An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ By a tranquil mind I mean nothing else than a mind well ordered.
Madame de Stael~ Sow good services sweet remembrances will grow them.
Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it. -Sir Winston Churchill
Dreams can often become challenging, but challenges are what we live for. -Travis White
Storm Jameson~ For what I have received my the Lord make me truly thankful. And more truly for what I have not received.
Thomas Carlyle~ Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Chinese Proverb~ A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Eudora Welty~ For the night was not impartial. No the night loved some more than others served some more than others.
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim. -John D. Rockefeller
Jean Kerr~ Hope is the feeling you have that the feeling you have isnt permanent.
Genius is entitled to respect only when it promotes the peace and improves the happiness of mankind. -Lord Essex
Elbert Hubbard~ One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Virgil~ I feel again a spark of that ancient flame.
Larry Wright~ If Darwins theory of evolution was correct cats would be able to operate a can opener by now.
A champion hates to lose even more than she loves to win. -Chris Evert
We all get heavier as we get older because there is a lot more information in our heads. (Vlade Divac)
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. -Lou Holtz
Wilma Askinas~ A friend is someone who sees through you and still enjoys the view.
Swedish Proverb~ Love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies.
Vince Lombardi~ If youll not settle for anything less than your best you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
Lincoln Steffens~ Power is what men seek and any group that gets it will abuse it. It is the same story.
Fredric Brown~ Dont ever sell mankind short by saying theres anything they cant do.
Funny how a dollar can look so big when you take it to church, and so small when you take it to the store.
Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment. -Lao-tse
Never, never, never, never give up. -Winston Churchill
Leo C. Rosten~ Satire is focused bitterness.
Praying is hard; living without it is harder.
No one can defeat us unless we first defeat ourselves. -Dwight Eisenhower
The highest reward for a man's toil is not what he gets for it but what he becomes by it. -John Ruskin
A friend in need is a friend indeed. -Latin Proverb
Why are there so many songs for Christmas but barely any for all the other holidays?
Steve Prefontaine~ To give anything less than your best is to give away the gift.
Johann von Goethe~ To live as one likes is plebian the noble man aspires to order and law.
Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs. -Malcolm Stevenson Forbes
Thomas Arnold~ My object will be if possible to form Christian men for Christian boys I can scarcely hope to make.
Seneca~ It is a great thing to know the season for speech and the season for silence.
Whatever you do, or dream, begin it now.. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. Begin it now. (Goethe)
E. Joseph Crossman~ The greatest power is often simple patience.
Victor Daniels~ We must learn to tailor our concepts to fit reality instead of trying to stuff reality into our concepts.
Glen Beaman~ Stubborness does have its helpful features. You always know what you are going to be thinking tomorrow.
H. Ross Perot~ Eagles dont flock - you have to find them one at a time.
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. -The Reverend Jesse Jackson, American Civil Rights Leader
Swedish Proverb~ Dont throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water.
Erich Segal~ True love comes quietly without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells get your ears checked.
Willa Cather~ I like trees because they seem more resigned to the way they have to live than other things do.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin. -Unknown Author
The British have a reputation for keeping calm even when there is no crisis.
B. J. Gupta~ You did touch me but didnt feel my pain.
H.L. Mencken~ A celebrity is one who is known to many persons he is glad he doesnt know.
Susan S. Taylor~ Use missteps as stepping stones to deeper understanding and greater achievement.
The real challenge (in life) is to choose, hold, and operate through intelligent, uplifting, and fully empowering beliefs. -Michael Sky
Success is important only to the extent that it puts one in a position to do more things one likes to do. - Sarah Caldwell
Martina Navratilova~ The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else.
David Fasold~ Intellectual brilliance is no guarentee against being dead wrong.
Oscar Wilde~ I can resist anything but temptation.
Lee Segall~ It is possible to own too much. A man with one watch knows what time it is a man with two watches is never quite sure.
Harsh words break no bones but they do break hearts.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. - Kahlil Gibran
Jean Rostand~ Kill one man and you are a murderer. Kill millions of men and you are a conqueror. Kill them all and you are a god.
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
Harry Homes~ Ignorance is the mother of fear.
I had to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time. -Sam Walton
Four things put a man beside himself - women, tobacco, cards, and wine. - Proverb
Isadora Duncan~ What one has not experienced one will never understand in print.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
Ninety percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
Henri Bergson~ Think like a man of action act like a man of thought.
Mark Twain~ I cannot keep from talking even at the risk of being instructive.
If you don't hurry up and let life know what you want, life will damned soon show you what you'll get. -Robertson Davies
Maurice Hulst~ We all of us need assistance. Those who sustain others themselves want to be sustained.
To be full of things is to be empty of God. To be empty of things is to be full of God. -Meister Eckhart
Thomas Fuller~ He that will not sail till all dangers are over must never put to sea.
Charles Caleb Colton~ Men will wrangle for religion write for it fight for it die for it anything but - live for it.
George Bernard Shaw~ I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Unknown~ Fools rush in where fools have been before.
Daniel J. Boorstin~ The courage to imagine the otherwise is our greatest resource adding color and suspense to all our life.
Do the thing and you will have the power. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You have no control over what the other guy does. You only have control over what you do. -A J Kitt
Anonymous~ A good scare is worth more to a man than good advice.
Jean de La Fontaine~ It is a double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
He who awaits much can expect little. -Gabriel Garcia Marquez
We will either find a way, or make one. -Hannibal
Benjamin Franklin~ Any fool can criticize condemn and complain and most fools do.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ If we cannot now end our differences at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.
Norman Lindsay~ The best love affairs are those we never had.
A compliment is like a kiss through a veil. - Victor Hugo
Mother Theresa~ People are unreasonable illogical and self-centered. Love them anyway.
He who asks a question may be a fool for five minutes, but he who never asks a question remains a fool forever. -Tom Connelly
Paul Meyer~ Success is the progressive realization of predetermined Worthwhile Personal Goals.
Ornette Coleman~ It was when I found out I could make mistakes that I knew I was on to something.
Leonardo DaVinci~ As every divided kingdom falls so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
Kate Chopin~ She wanted something to happen - something anything she did not know what.
One of life's mysteries is how a two-pound box of candy can make a person gain five pounds.
Mark Twain~ The right word may be effective but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause.
Robert Burton~ No cord or cable can draw so forcibly or bind so fast as love can do with a single thread.
William Shakespeare~ The law hath not been dead though it hath slept.
Optimism. The doctrine or belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly. -Ambrose Bierce
Unknown~ Most people rust out due to lack of challenge. Few people rust out due to overuse.
Ralph Kiner~ On Fathers Day we again wish you all happy birthday.
I've learned that when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere. - Andy Rooney
A beautiful relationship does not depend upon how good we understand someone but on how well we avoid misunderstandings.
Will Rogers~ We are all here for a spell get all the good laughs you can.
George Eliot~ There is no feeling except the extremes of fear and grief that does not find relief in music.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Few really believe. The most only believe that they believe or even make believe.
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
James Hillman~ If you are still being hurt by an event that happened to you at twelve it is the thought that is hurting you now.
Fred Allen~ Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns he should be drawn and quoted.
Jeff Valdez~ Cats are smarter than dogs. You cant get eight cats to pull a sled through snow.
True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until it be lost. -Charles Caleb Colton
King Henry IV of France~ Je veux que les paysans mettent la poule au pot tous les dimanches.
I have gotten to the age where I need my false teeth and hearing aid before I can ask where I left my glasses.
Cicero~ The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ Colleges are places where pebbles are polished and diamonds are dimmed.
David Richerby~ The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy. -Norman Schwarzkopf
Robert Fulford~ I have seen the future and it doesnt work.
J. B. Priestley~ Like its politicians and its wars society has the teenagers it deserves.
Jean de la Bruyere~ No man is so perfect so necessary to his friends as to give them no cause to miss him less.
Hurt people hurt people. Whole people heal people.
Victor Hugo~ At the shrine of friendship never say die let the wine of friendship never run dry. (Les Miserables)
Stephen Jay Gould~ The most erroneous stories are those we think we know best - and therefore never scrutinize or question.
Fortune brings in some boats that are not steered. -William Shakespeare
Hilaire Belloc~ All men have an instinct for conflict at least all healthy men.
Erica Jong~ Take your life in your own hands and what happens A terrible thing no one to blame.
The impossible is often untried. -Unknown Author
Ephesians Bible~ Wherefore putting away lying speak every man truth with his neighbour for we are members one of another.
Ralph Waldo Trine~ Do you want to be a power in the world Then be yourself.
There was a castle called Doubting Castle, the owner whereof was Giant Despair. -John Bunyan
Coins are made by mint of metal. Character is made by dint of mettle.
Joseph Heller~ Some men are born mediocre some men achieve mediocrity and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Jean Giraudoux~ The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that youve got it made.
George Santayana~ Half our standards come from our first masters and the other half from our first loves.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot. (Walter Bagehut)
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ Dont spend time beating on a wall hoping to transform it into a door.
Doug Larson~ Some of the worlds greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enought to know they were impossible.
B. J. Gupta~ Man is a social animal. Without society he is nothing but animal. Yet many consider themselves self made.
David Letterman~ New York now leads the worlds great cities in the number of people around whom you shouldnt make a sudden move.
Sophocles~ Surely to think your own the only wisdom and yours the only word the only will betrays a shallow spirit an empty heart.
Thucyclides~ Of all manifestations of power restraint impresses men the most.
I must say that I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a book. (Groucho Marx)
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right! -Henry Ford
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Barbara Johnson~ Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved.
Jane Austen~ I do not want people to be agreeable as it saves me the trouble of liking them.
Jerry Coleman~ I sure hope youre staying alive for the upcoming Dodgers series.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Virgil~ Practice and thought might gradually forge many an art.
Frederick Douglas~ People might not get all they work for in this world but they must certainly work for all they get.
It is amazing how many people want to live a long life, and yet so few want to grow old.
If you have accomplished all that you have planned for yourself, you have not planned enough. -Edward Everett Hale
John Bunyan~ Prayer opens the heart to God and it is the means by which the soul though empty is filled by God.
Our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than look back.
When you cannot make up your mind which of two evenly balanced courses of action you should take - choose the bolder. -William Joseph Slim
Nobody can do it for you. - Ralph Cordiner
Hector Berlioz~ Every composer knows the anguish and despair occasioned by forgetting ideas which one had no time to write down.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ We can be knowledgable with other mens knowledge but we cannot be wise with other mens wisdom.
2B or not 2B? ... I think it's a grade of pencil.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Be careful what you set your heart on for it will surely be yours.
It is easy to be flexible when one is spineless!
Bonnie Prudden~ You cant turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again.
Confucius~ The essence of knowledge is having it to apply it not having it to confess your ignorance.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
George Bernard Shaw~ The Churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
Do it, dump it, or change it. -Jim Janz
It is impossible for us to break the law. We can only break ourselves against the law. -Cecil B Demille
Latin Proverb~ By learning you will teach by teaching you will learn.
At night, when the curtains are drawn and the fire flickers, my books attain a collective dignity. - Edward M. Forster
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Life is eating us up. We shall be fables presently. Keep cool it will be all one a hundred years hence.
Unknown~ Sometimes the biggest risk you can take is not taking a risk.
Oscar Wilde~ The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself.
Charles De Gaulle~ How can you govern a country which has varieties of cheese
Swedish Proverb~ Those who wish to sing always find a song.
What do birdies see when they faint?
If you are not fired with enthusiasm, then you will be fired with enthusiasm. (Vince Lombardi)
My best friend is the one who brings our the best in me. -Henry Ford
Eric Sevareid~ The bigger the information media the less courage and freedom they allow. Bigness means weakness.
Mark~ If a house be divided against itself that house cannot stand.
Seneca~ We most often go astray on a well trodden and much frequented road.
Edna St. Vincent Millay~ Soar eat ether see what has never been seen depart be lost but climb.
Samuel Johnson~ Of all the griefs that harass the distrest Sure the most bitter is a scornful jest.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ One must ask children and birds how cherries and strawberries taste.
Brigham Young~ Education is the power to think clearly the power to act well in the worlds work and the power to appreciate life.
Susan Ertz~ He talked with more claret than clarity.
Cicero~ The freedom of poetic license.
Gail Godwin~ Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.
Katharine Whitehorn~ The easiest way for your children to learn about money is for you not to have any.
Lucan~ A show of daring oft conceals great fear.
An expert is someone who knows a lot about the past. -Tom Hopkins
Never underestimate the heart of a champion. -Rudy Tomjanovich
Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model. -Vincent Van Gogh
Be a Columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels, not of trade, but of thought. -Henry David Thoreau
Gary Collins~ We can try to avoid making choices by doing nothing but even that is a decision.
David Frost~ America is closer to the year than anywhere else on earth.
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. -Marcus T. Cicero
Walter Bagehot~ The reason that there are so few good books written is that so few people who write know anything.
Johann von Goethe~ A clever man commits no minor blunders.
Ronald Reagan~ Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.
Only the spoon knows what is stirring in the pot. - Sicilian Proverb
There is no good in arguing with the inevitable. The only argument available with an east wind is to put on your overcoat. - James Russell Lowell
Denis Diderot~ What has not been examined impartially has not been well examined. Skepticism is therefore the first step toward truth.
Senator Everett Dirksen~ A billion here a billion there and pretty soon youre talking about real money.
Julius Henry Marx~ Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Computers can never replace human stupidity.
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience. -George Bernard Shaw
No happy time is really gone, if it leaves a special memory.
When I work fourteen hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky. -Dr. Armand Hammer
Don't read beauty magazines. They will only make you feel ugly. (Mary Smich)
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ An idea isnt responsible for the people who believe in it.
William Shakespeare~ Though I am not naturally honest I am so sometimes by chance.
Friendship: a building contract you sign with laughter and break with tears.
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans. -Ronald Wilson Reagan
Blessing Irish~ Lust of power burns more fiercely than all the passions combined.
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
Bob Wells~ Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Warren Bennis~ You need people who can walk their companies into the future rather than back them into the future.
Wealth stays with us a little moment if at all: only our characters are steadfast, not our gold. -Euripides
During a carnival, men put masks over their masks. (Xavier Forneret)
Benjamin Franklin~ Drive thy business or it will drive thee.
Flannery OConnor~ Everywhere I go Im asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they dont stifle enough of them.
William James~ Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
A Life? Cool! Where can I download one of those from?
David Pratt~ Friends will keep you sane Love could fill your heart A lover can warm your bed But lonely is the soul without a mate.
Harry S Truman~ Any man who has had the job Ive had and didnt have a sense of humor wouldnt still be here.
Irish Proverb~ It is not a fish until it is on the bank.
Mark Twain~ Go and surprise the whole country by doing something right.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop playing! -George Bernard Shaw
Passion: A feeling you feel when you feel a feeling you've never felt before. (Andrew Edgerton)
Desire is the thing you want in incipiency. -Emilie Cady
If it's worth doing, it's worth doing badly. (on not perfectionism to put things off) . -G.k Chesterton
Sydney Harris~ When I hear somebody sigh Life is hard I am always tempted to ask Compared to what
Phaedrus~ Men in however high a station ought to fear the humble.
He that won't be counseled can't be helped. -Benjamin Franklin
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ More than an end to war we want an end to the beginnings of all wars.
Sigmund Freud~ America is a mistake a giant mistake.
Jane Wagner~ All my life I wanted to be someone I guess I should have been more specific.
A user will find any interface design intuitive...with enough practice.
Louis D. Brandeis~ Behind every argument is someones ignorance.
Margaret Fuller~ A house is no home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
I've learned that one should keep his words both soft and tender, because tomorrow, he may have to eat them. - Andy Rooney
A truth spoken before its time is dangerous.
Smile is contagious; just smile at someone and see their reaction.
Sallust~ Before you act consider when you have considered tis fully time to act.
Temptation resisted is the true measure of character. (Louis Dega)
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Franklin P. Jones~ The trouble with jogging is that by the time you realize youre not in shape for it its too far to walk back.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The sky is the daily bread of the eyes.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The silence that accepts merit as the most natural thing in the world is the highest applause.
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Rule your mind or it will rule you. -Horace
Gilbert Highet~ What is politics but persuading the public to vote for this and support that and endure these for the promise of those
Hector Hugh Munro~ A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
W. S. Gilbert~ Merely corroborative detail intended to give artistic verisimilitude to an otherwise bald and unconvincing narrative.
Will Rogers~ An ignorant person is one who doesnt know what you have just found out.
Do to others what you would have them do to you." The source of the famous "Golden Rule." Many famous lines were variations on this theme.
Robert Hutchins~ Education is a kind of continuing dialogue and a dialogue assumes in the nature of the case different points of view.
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving. (Sheldon Kopp)
A few observation and much reasoning lead to error; many observations and a little reasoning to truth. - Alexis Carrel
Kahlil Gibran~ The giving and receiving of pleasure is a need and an ecstasy.
Yearn to understand first and to be understood second. - Beca Lewis
If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? ... The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen!
Jerry Coleman~ If ever an error had F written on it that grounder did.
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is the time to dare and endure. -Winston Churchill
If you do your best, don't mind the rest. (Irish Proverb)
Sophocles~ Look and you will find it - what is unsought will go undetected.
Peter Marshall~ Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change. -Golnik Eric
Kenyan Proverb~ You may laugh at a friends roof dont laugh at his sleeping accomodation.
The greater the truth the greater the libel. - Lord Ellenborough
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. - Jacqueline Bisset
Robert Francis Kennedy~ The American temptation is to believe that foreign policy is a subdivision of psychiatry.
Sallust~ The renown which riches or beauty confer is fleeting and frail mental excellence is a splendid and lasting possession.
Estee Lauder~ On marriage Look for a sweet person. Forget rich.
Stanley Marcus~ Consumers are statistics. Customers are people.
Though you cannot go back and start again, you can start from now and have a brand new end. -Unknown Author
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. -Orison Swett Marden
Always listen to the experts. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it. -Robert Heinlein
G. B. Burgin~ I suppose it is much more comfortable to be mad and not know it than to be sane and have ones doubts.
Marcel Marceau~ To communicate through silence is a link between the thoughts of man.
Life is not a struggle. It's a wiggle. -Peter Mcwilliams
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. -German Proverb
Johann von Goethe~ The man who acts never has any conscience no one has any conscience but the man who thinks.
Better untaught than ill-taught.
Karen Horney~ Concern should drive us into action not into a depression.
It is wise to keep in mind that no success or failure is necessarily final. -Anonymous
Time is what keeps everything from happening all at once.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Those whom fortune has never favoured are more joyful than those whom she has deserted. - De Tranquillitate Animi
Leo C. Rosten~ Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Evan Esar~ Walking isnt a lost art - one must by some means get to the garage.
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader -Tacitus
Anna Freud~ Creative minds have always been known to survive any kind of bad training.
Tony Bennet~ I think one of the reasons Im popular again is because Im wearing a tie. You have to be different.
Edward De Bono~ Politics when I am in it makes me sick.
There is no man living who isn't capable of doing more than he thinks he can do. -Henry Ford
La Rochefoucauld~ If it were not for the company of fools a witty man would often be greatly at a loss.
Give me where to stand, and I will move the earth. -Archimedes
Henry J. Tillman~ The saying Getting there is half the fun became obsolete with the advent of commercial airlines.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Always love your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
A friend is someone who dances with you in the sunlight and walks beside you in the shadows.
Fran Lebowitz~ My favorite animal is steak.
John Wooden~ Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out.
An aspiration is a joy forever, a possession as solid as a landed estate. -Robert Louis
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view. -Anonymous
Van Wyck Brooks~ Nothing is sadder than having worldly standards without worldly means.
People are funny. They want the front of the bus, middle of the road, and the back of the church.
Brian W. Kernighan~ Id give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ He hits from both sides of the plate. Hes amphibious.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ The first who was king was a fortunate soldier Who serves his country well has no need of ancestors.
Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master. You will rule it instead of allowing it to rule you. -Charles E. Popplestone
Jules Renard~ The danger of success is that it makes us forget the worlds dreadful injustice.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Edward W. Howe~ The sounder your argument the more satisfaction you get out of it.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do. -Albert Gray
Hugs are not measured by quantity; they are measured by quality.
William Shakespeare~ By the pricking of my thumbs Something wicked this way comes. Open locks Whoever knocks
Napolean Hill~ Wise men when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet give themselves the benefit of the doubt and remain silent.
If you don't have a dream, how are you going to make a dream come true? -Oscar Hammerstein
The task ahead of us is never as great as the power behind us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nora Ephron~ Insane people are always sure that they are fine. It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy.
William Ellery Channing~ The home is the chief school of human virtues.
He who sees the calamity of other people finds his own calamity light. (Arabian Proverb)
R. D. Lang~ Insanity - a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world.
Blaine Lee~ The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
Courage to start and willingness to keep everlasting at it are the requisites for success. -Alonzo Newton Benn
Benjamin Disraeli~ To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to knowledge.
Vincent Canby~ We are drawn to our television sets each April the way we are drawn to the scene of an accident.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The best ideas are common property.
Marriage is a matter of give and take, but so far I haven't been able to find anybody who'll take what I have to give. - Cass Daley
First the Lord made man in the Garden of Eden. Then he said to himself, "There's something he's needing'
Calmness is the cradle of power. -Josiah Gilbert Holland
Everything that can be counted doesn't necessarily count; everything that counts can't necessarily be counted. (Einstein)
The best proof of love is trust. - Joyce Brothers
Don't let you mind wander. It is too little to be left alone.
Andrew A. Rooney~ Were all proud of making little mistakes. It gives us the feeling we dont make any big ones.
Nothing seems impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Maurice Freehill~ Who is more foolish the child afraid of the dark or the man afraid of the light
Many marriages would be better if the husband and wife clearly understood that they're on the same side. -Zig Ziglar
Daniel Boone~ I cant say I was ever lost but I was bewildered once for three days.
Sir Winston Churchill~ There are a terrible lot of lies going around the world and the worst of it is half of them are true.
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes. -Lewis Grizzard
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Johann von Goethe~ A correct answer is like an affectionate kiss.
All I ask for is the opportunity to prove that money doesn't buy happiness.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
Computer Museum~ Usenet isnt a right. Its a right a left and a swift uppercut to the jaw.
A different world cannot be built by indifferent people. -Peter Marshall
The heart has reasons which reason does not understand.
ricS~ Real programmers are those that can sleep in front of terminals ... with their eyes opened.
Kin Hubbard~ The only way to entertain some folks is to listen to them.
Clarence Thomas~ Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
Aristotle~ Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own.
Nathaniel Emmons~ Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters.
Alice Walker~ Expect nothing. Live frugally on surprise.
Jean de la Bruyere~ Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
Ralph Kiner~ If Casey Stengel were alive today hed be spinning in his grave.
Ovid~ Nothing is stronger than habit.
David Letterman~ USA Today has come out with a new survey - apparently three out of every four people make up of the population.
Laurence J. Peter~ A rut is a grave with the ends knocked out.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Everybody wants to be somebody nobody wants to grow.
Jack London~ The proper function of man is to live - not to exist.
Thomas Carlyle~ Skepticism means not intellectual doubt alone but moral doubt.
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it. (Harold S. Hulbert)
Anger itself does more harm than the condition which aroused anger. - David Oman McKay
W. N. Taylor~ Temptation rarely comes in working hours. It is in their leisure time that men are made or marred.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ The old believe everything the middle-aged suspect everything the young know everything.
Alfred Hitchcock~ The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ People who make history know nothing about history. You can see that in the sort of history they make.
E. M. Cioran~ Anyone can escape into sleep we are all geniuses when we dream the butchers the poets equal there.
Woodrow Wilson~ I not only use all the brains that I have but all that I can borrow.
Chinese Proverb~ Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
Hector Hugh Munro~ Hes simply got the instinct for being unhappy highly developed.
Abraham Lincoln~ ...Government of the people by the people for the people shall not perish from the Earth.
Cleobulus~ Safeguard the health both of body and soul.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of. -Charles H. Perkhurst
Emile Chartier~ There are only two kinds of scholars those who love ideas and those who hate them.
Will Rogers~ Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate now whats going to happen to us with both a Senate and a House
Annie Dillard~ A schedule defends from chaos and whim.
Chinese Proverb~ When you have only two pennies left in the world buy a loaf of bread with one and a lily with the other.
P. G. Wodehouse~ If not actually disgruntled he was far from being gruntled.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. -General George Patton
Fear grows from what we don't know, faith comes from what we do.
He has half the deed done who has made a beginning. -Flaccus
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Be and not seem.
Brendan Francis Behan~ Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Confucius~ When you have faults do not fear to abandon them.
Bertrand Russell~ Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man.
Rudyard Kipling~ More men are killed by overwork than the importance of the world justifies.
Aeschylus~ When a mans willing and eager the gods join in.
Charles E. Jefferson~ Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies.
The depth of darkness to which you can descend and still live is an exact measure of the height to which you can aspire to reach. -Laurens
African Proverb~ Not to know is bad not to wish to know is worse.
Coco Chanel~ Youth is something very new twenty years ago no one mentioned it.
Many of life's failures are men who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison
Wilbert Donald Gough~ In marriage being the right person is as important as finding the right person.
Laughter is a smile with the volume turned up.
Fools look to tomorrow, wise men use tonight.
A timely word may level stress.
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy.
Peter McWilliams~ If our early lessons of acceptance were as successful as our early lessons of anger how much happier we would all be.
People who enjoy what they are doing invariably do it well. -Joe Gibbs
Muhammad Ali~ Me we. (Supposedly the shortest quote in the English language delivered at a Harvard graduation.)
Not much meat on her, but what's there is choice. - Vincent Van Gogh
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better. -Emile Coue
Frank A. Clark~ A leading authority is anyone who has guessed right more than once.
Gertrude Stein~ Considering how dangerous everything is nothing is really very frightening.
Seneca~ Dangerous is wrath concealed. Hatred proclaimed doth lose its chance of wreaking vengeance.
He does not posses wealth that allows it to possess him. -Benjamin Franklin
Handsome is that handsome does. - Oliver Goldsmith
Sextus Propertius~ Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Annette Goodheart~ Just because youre miserable doesnt mean you cant enjoy your life.
New friends are silver, old friends are gold. Always make new friends but don't forget the old.
I am certain of nothing but of the holiness of the hearts affection, and the truth of the imagination. -John Keats
When I gave food to the poor, they called me a saint. When I asked why the poor were hungry, they called me a communist. - Dom H. Camara
He is wise who knows the sources of knowledge - who knows who has written and where it is to be found. -A. A. Hodge
If it is to be, it is up to me. -William H Johnsen
Aphra Behn~ Variety is the soul of pleasure.
Shaquille ONeal~ N.B. This quotation is a paraphrase of a much older quote by Aristotle which see.
Romanian Proverb~ Abundance like want ruins many.
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost. -Billy Graham
Bernadette~ To gain that which is worth having it may be necessary to lose everything else.
Those with the best advice usually offer no advice.
A king's castle is his home.
Once the game is over, the king and the pawn go back into the same box. (Italian Proverb)
Poverty of course is no disgrace, but it is damned annoying. -William Pitt
The important thing is not to stop questioning. -Albert Einstein
Unknown~ Give and forget Receive and remember
When you hire people who are smarter than you are, you prove you are smarter than they are. -Harold V Melchert
Moorish Proverb~ He who fears something gives it power over him.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ All progress is precarious and the solution of one problem brings us face to face with another problem.
Peter De Vries~ Life is a zoo in a jungle.
David W. Johnson~ There are no speed limits on the road to success.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. - Noelie Alito
Seneca~ Speech is the mirror of the mind.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
What is now proved was once imagined. -William Blake
William Shakespeare~ Be not afraid of greatness some are born great some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them.
William Ralph Inge~ Worry is interest paid on trouble before it is due.
When seeking a companion, become the type of person you would like to attract!
Imagination is the eye of the soul. -Joubert
Aeschylus~ In war truth is the first casualty.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody is watching. -Mark Twain
Wilson Mizner~ A fellow who is always declaring hes no fool usually has his suspicions.
William Langland~ Necessity has no law.
Never make the same mistake twice or you'll never get around to all of them. -Unknown Author
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ There is no place more delightful than home.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. (Erica Jong)
Honore de Balzac~ Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell you that solitude is fine.
It's simply a matter of doing what you do best and not worrying about what the other fellow is going to do. -John Adams
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Nothing is more damaging to a new truth than an old error.
If you want to feel rich, just count all of the things you have that money can't buy. (Robert Marlowe)
Mark Twain~ The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Women thrive on novelty and are easy meat for the commerce of fashion. Men prefer old pipes and torn jackets. - You've Had Your Time, 1990.
Charles Dickens~ There is always something for which to be thankful.
Billy Madison~ Billy Sometimes I feel like an idiot. But I am an idiot so it kinda works out.
Jane Caminos~ A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ We cannot always build the future for our youth but we can build our youth for the future.
America's best buy is a telephone call to the right man. -Ilka Chase
We may not be what we want to be, but thank God we are not what we used to be. (Tim Storey)
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
Plato~ When there is an income tax the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same amount of income.
Melissa Mayer~ Reality is but a poor excuse for not having an imagination.
Joe Moore~ After a person makes his mark in the world a lot of people will come around with erasers.
Jean de La Fontaine~ It is impossible to please all the world and ones father.
You are never fully dressed until you wear a smile.
Laurence J. Peter~ America is a country that doesnt know where it is going but is determined to set a speed record getting there.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it's two-tired.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Repentance is another name for aspiration.
Alice Walker~ Life is better than death I believe if only because it is less boring and because it has fresh peaches in it.
What has happened makes the world. Live on the edge, looking. -Robert Creeley
George Bernard Shaw~ We are made wise not by the recollection of our past but by the responsibility for our future.
Ninety percent of all politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation. -Henry Kissinger
Rabindranath Tagore~ Nirvana is not the blowing out of the candle. It is the extinguishing of the flame because day is come.
Anger is seldom without an argument but seldom with a good one. -Lord Halifax. - Lord Halifax
Alexander Pope~ Words are like leaves and where they most abound Much fruit of sense beneath is rarely found.
I have always admired the ability to bite off more than one can chew and then chew it. -William DeMille
Harold Taylor~ Most of the most important experiences that truly educate cannot be arranged ahead of time with any precision.
Robert Frost~ Dancing is a vertical expression of a horizontal desire.
Only that day dawns, to which we are awake. -Henry David Thoreau
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Norman R. Augustine
That is why you fail. (in response to Luke saying, "I don't believe it."). -Yoda
Cyril Connolly~ All charming people have something to conceal usually their total dependence on the appreciation of others.
If you follow in others footsteps you will never leave yours behind.
Benjamin Franklin~ Marry your son when you will but you daughter when you can.
Plutarch~ An old doting fool with one foot already in the grave.
Keep quiet. Do your work in the world, but inwardly keep quiet. Then all will come to you. -Nisaragada Ha Maharaj
R. A. Torrey~ I was baptized with the Holy Spirit when I took Him by simple faith in the Word of God.
The world isn't interested in the storms you encountered, but whether or not you brought in the ship. -Raul Armesto
A mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimension. (Oliver Wendell Holmes)
Denis Watley~ Mistakes are painful when they happen but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you
We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us. - Lord Dewar
Norman Mailer~ Once a newspaper touches a story the facts are lost forever even to the protagonists.
I want a sexy business man with a brain, who's single
A farmer learns more from a bad harvest than a good one.
Rudyard Kipling~ Take everything you like seriously except yourselves.
Ken Jr. Keyes~ To be upset over what you dont have is to waste what you do have.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Truth is not only violated by falsehood it may be outraged by silence.
Ferdinand Foch~ None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
The nice thing about standards is, there are so many to choose from.
Jennifer Tyler~ My mind tells me to give up but my heart wont let me.
Mark Twain~ Golf is a good walk spoiled.
John Cotton Dana~ Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines. -Charles Kuralt
William Shakespeare~ I wish you well and so I take my leave I Pray you know me when we meet again.
Tom Stoppard~ If Beethoven had been killed in a plane crash at the age of it would have changed the history of music... and of aviation.
Eve~ Love is blind. It will take over your mind. What you think is love is truly not. You need to elevate your mind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ I like the silent church before the service begins better than any preaching.
Every ten seconds, somewhere on this earth, there is a woman giving birth to a child. She must be found and stopped.
Mary Howitt~ For visions come not to polluted eyes.
William C. Hunter~ Its too much to ask one to love his enemy. Lets compromise on forgetting him.
Give God what's right, not what's left!
The Chinese word for "crisis" contains two characters. One of them means "opportunity".
Real Live Preacher~ When someone allows you to bear his burdens you have found deep friendship.
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you. -Zig Ziglar
Ovid~ Love is a kind of warfare.
John Lennon~ Life is what happens to you while youre busy making other plans.
Biblical Proverb~ He that is of a merry heart hasth a continual feast.
Dan Quayle~ One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice president and that one word is to be prepared.
Irwin Edman~ The standardized American is largely a myth created not least by Americans themselves.
Dan Kelly~ Heal anothers heart and in the process you will heal your own.
Horace Walpole~ The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well.
Unknown~ You have to eat the first piece of candy Before you can eat the whole bag.
Guy~ Sometimes when reading Goethe I have the paralyzing suspicion that he is trying to be funny.
Age is a question of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. (Satchel Paige)
Sir Thomas Browne~ Life is a pure flame and we live by an invisible sun within us.
Swedish Proverb~ Fear less hope more Whine less breathe more
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ When we have lost everything including hope life becomes a disgrace and death a duty.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ When I was a boy ... we didnt wake up with Vietnam and have Cyprus for lunch and the Congo for dinner
What did the left nut say to the right nut? The guy in the middle thinks he is so hard!
Johann von Goethe~ I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.
Wealth is the product of energy times intelligence: energy turned into artifacts that advantage human life. -R. Buckminster Fuller
Courage and resolution are the spirit and soul of virtue. -Thomas Fuller
Those who jump to conclusions often land in ignorance.
J. Frank Dobie~ The average Ph.D. thesis is nothing but a transference of bones from one graveyard to another.
A leader knows what's best to do; a manager knows merely how best to do it. -Ken Adelman
One is not born a genius, one becomes a genius. -Simone De Beauvoir
Liz Smith~ To deny we need and want power is to deny that we hope to be effective.
If you have food in the refrigerator, clothes on your back, a roof overhead, and a place to sleep...you are richer than 75% of this world.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a mans upper chamber if he has common sense on the ground floor.
Andre Gide~ So long as we live among men let us cherish humanity.
Saville~ Women have more strengths in their looks than we have in our laws and more power in their tears than we have by our arguments.
You can't make an omlette without breaking eggs.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ A belief is not true because it is useful.
George Ade~ After being Turned Down by numerous Publishers he had decided to write for Posterity.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. (Carl Gustav Jung)
No pressure, no diamonds. -Mary Case
Laurence J. Peter~ Everyone rises to their level of incompetence.
Unknown~ An act against my will is not my act.
More important than talent, strength, or knowledge is the ability to laugh at yourself and enjoy the pursuit of your dreams. -Amy Grant
Georges Guynemer~ If one has not given everything one has given nothing.
A vibration is a motion that can't make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Daniel J. Boorstin~ Some are born great some achieve greatness and some hire public relations officers.
Charles M. Schulz~ Try not to have a good time...this is supposed to be educational.
Greek Proverb~ Where there is a sea there are pirates.
Robert Burns~ I have a hundred times wished that one could resign life as an officer resigns a commission.
William Henry Hudson~ You cannot fly like an eagle with the wings of a wren.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ Failure is success if we learn from it.
George Eliot~ Blessed is the man who having nothing to say abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
Joe Moore~ America Where a man can say what he thinks if he isnt afraid of his wife his boss his customer his neighbors or the government.
La Bruyere~ Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
Thom Barber~ Life is too long not to be happy.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The man who acts never has any conscience no one has any conscience but the man who thinks.
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. -Les Brown
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ I know of no great men except those who have rendered great service to the human race.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ A pile of rocks ceases to be a rock when somebody contemplates it with the idea of a cathedral in mind.
It is not that I disagree with you, it is just that I'm not in full accord.
H. E. Luccock~ No one can whistle a symphony. It takes an orchestra to play it.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. (Robert Frost)
Lord Acton~ Learn as much by writing as by reading.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The world belongs to the energetic.
Don't start living tomorrow, tomorrow never arrives. Start working on your dreams and ambitions today. -Unknown Author
Every man dies; not every man really lives.(Braveheart)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The ground that a good man treads is hallowed.
Quality questions create a quality life. Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. -Anthony Robbins
Marcel Proust~ The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Madam Guizot~ Modesty is a shining light it prepares the mind to receive knowledge and the heart for truth.
To find the person you can truly trust, look no further than the nearest mirror.
Mark Twain~ Get your facts first and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Detroit Journal~ Socialism is Bolshevism with a shave.
Tennessee Williams~ Life is an unanswered question but lets believe in the dignity and important of the question.
Clementine Paddleford~ Never grow a wishbone daughter where your backbone ought to be.
Sing like you know the words; dance like no one's watching; and love like it's never going to hurt.
John D. MacDonald~ Friendships like marriages are dependent on avoiding the unforgivable.
Mao Zedong~ I voted for you during your last election. (To President Richard M Nixon)
I thought he was a young man of promise, but it appears he is a young man of promises. [Speaking Of Winston Churchill]. - Arthur James Balfour
Eleanor Hamilton~ A compliment is a gift not to be thrown away carelessly unless you want to hurt the giver.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful. -Buckminster Fuller
Pittacus~ The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Wisdom too often never comes, and so one ought not to reject it merely because it comes late. - Felix Frankfurter
Ernest Holmen~ Today I live in the quiet joyous expectation of good.
Nothing is beneath you if it is in the direction of your life. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
All sunshine makes a desert.
Virtue is its own reward. -Cicero
The real voyage of discovery consists of not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. -Marcel Proust
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. -Zen Proverb
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ The men who really believe in themselves are all in lunatic asylums.
Ernie Kovacs~ Television A medium. So called because it is neither rare nor well done.
Dag Hammarskjld~ Life only demands from you the strength you possess. Only one feat is possible - not to have run away.
Unknown~ It is easy to bring others down to your level Instead of bringing yourself up to their level But it is never ever right.
Charles Horton Cooley~ Prudence and compromise are necessary means but every man should have an impudent end which he will not compromise.
William Langland~ Who will bell the cat
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable. -Zig Ziglar
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. -Confucius
Women will never be as successful as men because they have no wives to advise them. -Dick Van Dyke
Humans are like tea bags. They never realize their strength until they are put in hot water.
Willa Cather~ Some memories are realities and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
Never let yesterday use up today. -Richard H. Nelson
George Saintsbury~ Nothing is more curious than the almost savage hostility that humor excites in those who lack it.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
The reason people blame things on the previous generations is that there's only one other choice. -Doug Larson
Appianus~ The drug that heals our sorrows forgetfulness.
Marilyn vos Savant~ A good idea will keep you awake during the morning but a great idea will keep you awake during the night.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
When you believe you can...you can! -Maxwell Maltz
Ronald Firbank~ The world is disgracefully managed one hardly knows to whom to complain.
Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom. -Colton
Willa Sibert Cather~ Where there is great love there are always miracles.
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind. -Ella Wheeler Wilcox
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart. -Thomas J. Watson
If you were to get paid ten cents for every kind word you ever spoke and pay five cents for every unkind word, would you be rich or poor?
Georges Clemenceau~ War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
Ben Sweetland~ We cannot hold a torch to light anothers path without brightening our own.
You have to think big to be big. -Claude M. Bristol
Plato~ The learning and knowledge that we have is at the most but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.
Carl Reiner~ A lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. (Albert Einstein)
When your self-worth goes up, your net worth goes up with it. -Mark Victor Hansen
Ken Olsen~ There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
Life is never more fun than when you're the underdog competing against the giants. -H Ross Perot
Noam Chomsky~ As soon as questions of will or decision or reason or choice of action arise human science is at a loss.
Say what you mean and mean what you say. -George S. Patton
Victory belongs to the most persevering. -Andre Norton
My father said there are two kinds of people in the world: givers and takers. The takers may eat better, but the givers sleep better.
A successful man continues to look for work after he has found a job. -Unknown Author
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ It isnt that they cant see the solution. Its that they cant see the problem.
If someone says something unkind about me, I must live so that no one will believe it.
Benjamin Disraeli~ The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write a book about it.
Newt Gingrich~ If Thomas Edison invented electric light today Dan Rather would report it on CBS News as candle making industry threatened.
A good name is seldom regained. When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever. -J. Hawes
Cut the im out of impossible, leading that dynamic word standing out free and clear-possible. -Norman Vincent Peale
Doing a thing wrong for a long period of time gives it the superficial appearance of being right.
Horace~ With silence favor me.
Albert Einstein~ We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us.
William J. Locke~ I believe half the unhappiness in life comes from people being afraid to go straight at things.
Thomas Mann~ A mans dying is more the survivors affair than his own.
H.L. Mencken~ The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated.
The noblest spirit is most strongly attracted by the love of glory. -Marcus T. Cicero
Developing the plan is actually laying out the sequence of events that have to occur for you to achieve your goal. -George L. Morrisey
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
William Shakespeare~ Truth is truth To the end of reckoning.
Franz Kafka~ Anything that has real and lasting value is always a gift from within.
We [Microsoft] don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference. - Steve Ballmer
In music the passions enjoy themselves -Friedrich Nietzsche
Isaac Bashevis Singer~ Life is Gods novel. Let him write it.
Orson Welles~ I hate television. I hate it as much as I hate peanuts. But I cant stop eating peanuts.
Mark Russell~ The scientific theroy I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
Kahlil Gibran~ To realize that prophecy in the people is like fruit in the tree is to know the unity of life.
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; don't walk behind me, I may not lead; walk beside me, and just be my friend. -Albert Camus
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from. -T. S. Eliot
Yogi Berra~ No one goes there nowadays its too crowded.
Anna Lappe~ Courage is saying Maybe what Im doing isnt working maybe I should try something else.
Money is the most envied, but the least enjoyed. Health is the most enjoyed, but the least envied. -Charles Caleb Colton
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it. -Benjamin Franklin
Samuel Goldwyn~ Youve got to take the bitter with the sour.
Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it. -W. Clement Stone
Robert Browning~ Ignorance is not innocence but sin.
Edith Ann~ If love is the answer could you please rephrase the question
Earl Weaver~ Its what you learn after you know it all that counts.
Barry Switzer~ Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
Frederic William Maitland~ The essential matter of history is not what happened but what people thought or said about it.
I thought looking back on the times I cried would make me laugh; but I never knew looking back on the times I laughed would make me cry.
Claire Huchet Bishop~ Government is too big and too important to be left to the politicians.
Dorothy Parker~ This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force.
Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ Sometimes we may learn more from a mans errors than from his virtues.
George Macaulay Trevelyan~ Education...has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Niels Henrik David Bohr~ We all agree that your theory is crazy but is it crazy enough
No success in public life can compensate for failure in the home. -Benjamin Disraeli
John Morley~ You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
Cullen Hightower~ There are people who can talk sensibly about a controversial issue theyre called humorists.
Alphonse Marie Louis de Lamartine~ There is a woman at the begining of all great things.
Even with all my wrinkles! I am beautiful!. - Bessie Delaney
Euripides~ Account no man happy till he dies.
Charles Caleb Colton~ Imitation is the sincerest of flattery.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Nobody can be exactly like me. Even I have trouble doing it. (Tallulah Bankhead)
William Blake~ Innocence dwells with Wisdom but never with Ignorance.
Anon.~ Pentiums melt in your PC not in your hand.
Dante Alighieri~ The experience of this sweet life. Lesperienza de questa dolce vita.
Any thought that is passed on to the subconscious often enough and convincingly enough is finally accepted. -Robert Collier
It is not something I must do but something I want to do. -James Fixx
Michel de Montaigne~ He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak.
George Bernard Shaw~ We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.
Isn't it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do "practice"?
It is essential to understand that battles are primarily won in the hearts of men. -Vincent Lombardi
Maltese Proverb~ Time gives good advice.
Edward Lawrence Gibson~ I was never less alone than while by myself.
Vacation is what you take when you can't take what you've been taking any longer.
Michael Pritchard~ You dont stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.
Edgar Allan Poe~ I have great faith in fools - self confidence my friends call it.
Marvin Minsky~ In general we are least aware of what our minds do best.
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat. -Herschel Walker
When the will is ready the feet are light. -Proverb
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter~ A scholar knows no boredom.
Akhenaton~ In all thy undertakings let a reasonable assurance animate thy endeavors if thou despairest of success thou shalt not succeed.
Let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action. -The Bible, 1 John 3:18 NRSV
Ogden Nash~ A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men women an occasional animal and the common cold.
To find a fault is easy; to do better may be difficult. -Plutarch
Aeschylus~ Only when mans life comes to its end in prosperity can one call that man happy.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. -Anna Eleanor Roosevelt
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. -Peter Drucker
I found out that if you are going to win games, you had better be ready to adapt. - Scotty Bowman
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations. -Albert Einstein
Chinese Proverb~ Those who do not read are no better off than those who cannot.
Robert Anthony~ The one who loves the least controls the relationship.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Be not careless in deeds nor confused in words nor rambling in thought.
Eric Pio~ You are not an artistan artist creates. You do not write your own songs. End of debate.
It requires a great deal of faith for a man to be cured by his own placebos. -John L. Mcclenahan
George Frost Kennan~ The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.
H.L. Mencken~ A poet more than thirty years old is simply an overgrown child.
Sir Winston Churchill~ Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
Lucan~ The mere apprehension of a coming evil has put many into a situation of the utmost danger.
Writing is easy. All you have to do is stare at a blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead. -Gene Fowler
George~ Theres no present. Theres only the immediate future and the recent past.
The best way out of emotional pain is through it. -Unknown Author
Shakti Gawain~ I am convinced that life in a physical body is meant to be an ecstatic experience.
When the student is ready the teacher will appear. -Zen Proverb
The soul never thinks without a mental picture. -Aristotle
Bacteria: the only culture some people have.
A. J. Liebling~ Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one.
Aesop~ Better beans and bacon in peace than cakes and ale in fear.
Live your own life, for you will die your own death. (Latin proverb)
Unknown~ Education is not received. It is achieved.
Charlotte Bronte~ A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
Phillip Lubin~ Every generation thinks it has the answers and every generation is humbled by nature.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ There are four kinds of Homicide felonious excusable justifiable and praiseworthy.
Cullen Hightower~ We may not imagine how our lives could be more frustrating and complex - but Congress can.
You never achieve real success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
Augustus Octavius~ Practice the master of all things.
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
J. Krishnamurti~ Without freedom from the past there is no freedom at all because the mind is never new fresh innocent.
Good questions outrank easy answers. - Paul A. Samuelson
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance. - Socrates
Derek Bethune~ Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in continue firm and constant.
Alan B. Watts~ But my dear man reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot you know.
Yasutani Roshi~ The fundamental delusion of humanity is to suppose that I am here and you are out there.
Joseph Roux~ Solitude vivifies isolation kills.
Karl Kraus~ A weak man has doubts before a decision a strong man has them afterwards.
All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Be aware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
Discovery is seeing what everybody else has seen, and thinking what nobody else has thought. -Albert Szent-gyorgi
Roosevelt Eleanor~ I think that somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other. -Brian Tracy
Jean de La Fontaine~ Let ignorance talk as it will learning has its value.
Give me the gift of a listening heart. -King Solomon
Felix Frankfurter~ Wisdom too often never comes and so one ought not to reject it merely because it comes late.
Sallust~ The higher your station the less your liberty.
Roy Rogers~ Theyll have to shoot me first to take my gun.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.
James Russell Lowell~ But all Gods angels come to us disguised...
Woody Allen~ Love is the answer but while you are waiting for the answer sex raises some pretty good questions.
Miguel de Cervantes~ An honest mans word is as good as his bond.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning. -Fred Perry
I learned the value of hard work by working hard. -Margaret M. Fitzpatrick
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. -Unknown Author
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse. -Finagle
Outside show is a poor substitute for inner worth. - Aesop
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do. -Kahlil Gibran
Edward Morgan Forster~ I would rather be a coward than brave because people hurt you when you are brave.
Crow The~ Eric Draven It cant rain all the time.
Stop the habit of wishful thinking and start the habit of thoughtful wishes. -Mary Martin
Enthusiasm can be like a fire that needs an occasional poke with a stick.
The only thing you have to do is breathe; Everything else is just optional.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. -Dale Carnegie
Timothy Leary~ You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec~ Life being what it is one dreams of revenge.
Valerie Natress~ There is nothing worse than falling prey To someone elses confusion.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Like all great travellers I have seen more than I remember and remember more than I have seen.
The fortune which nobody sees makes a person happy and unenvied. -Francis Bacon
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ I recommend you to take care of the minutes for the hours will take care of themselves.
Chinese Proverb~ If you bow at all bow low.
What we think or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only thing of consequence is what we do. -John Ruskin
It is one's attitude at the beginning of a task which will, more than anything else, determine its outcome.
Johann von Neumann~ In mathematics you dont understand things. You just get used to them.
Sir Edward Dyer~ My mind to me a kingdom is Such present joys therein I find That it excels all other bliss.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ There is one thing that matters - to set a chime of words tinkling in the minds of a few fastidious people.
Dante Alighieri~ He listens well who takes notes.
Unknown~ The only bad thing about keeping on burning your bridges Behind you is that the world is round..
Lois McMaster Bujold~ An honor is not diminished for being shared.
If tin whistles are made of tin, what are fog horns made of?
Marriage is that relation between man and woman in which the independence is equal, the dependence mutual, and the obligation reciprocal. - Louis K. Anspacher
Ayn Rand~ The Argument from Intimidation is a confession of intellectual impotence.
Ezra Pound~ Literature is news that stays news.
Mark Twain~ It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
Money is like unspreadable butter, you try and spread it but it all lumps together at one end of the bread.
Always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest. -Mark Twain
A smile is a window on your face to show your heart is at home. -Anonymous
Persian Mystic Poem~ Split the atoms heart and low Within it thou wilt find a sun.
No one would remember the good Samaritan if he had only good intentions. He had money as well. (Margaret Thatcher)
Cicero~ Let arms give place to the robe and the laurel of the warriors yield to the tongue of the orator.
Gordon William Allport~ So many tangles in life are ultimately hopeless that we have no appropriate sword other than laughter.
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man. -William Shakespeare
A good plan violently executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week. -General George Patton
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown. -William Penn
Charlie Finley~ Sweat plus sacrifice equals success.
One time a windshield wiper will work properly is when it is holding a parking ticket.
George Bernard Shaw~ A lifetime of happiness No man alive could bear it it would be hell on earth.
Aldous Huxley~ Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
Unknown~ Ive learned that true friendship continues to grow Even over the longest distance. Same goes for true love.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ A multitude of laws in a country is like a great number of physicians a sign of weakness and malady.
Al Capone~ My rackets are run on strictly American lines and theyre going to stay that way.
Samual Rutherford~ The weightiest end of the cross of Christ that is laid upon you lieth upon your strong Savior.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ If you treat people right they will treat you right - ninety percent of the time.
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move. -Brian Tracy
Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley. -James Rogers
Integrity is when what you say, what you do, what you think, and who you are all come from the same place. (Madelyn Griffith-Haynie)
Domitus Ulpian~ Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due.
In actual life every great enterprise begins with and takes its first forward step in faith. -Friedrich Schlegel
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. (Henry Ford)
Groucho Marx~ Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Treat anger like gold. Spend it wisely or not at all. (Grandfather)
Hearts will break - yet brokenly, live on. -Lord Byron
Samuel Johnson~ Every man has a right to utter what he thinks truth and every other man has a right to knock him down for it.
Nathaniel Emmons~ Just definitions either prevent or put an end to a dispute.
Others have done it before me. I can, too. - Corporal John Faunce
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
Publilius Syrus~ It is a consolation to the wretched to have companions in misery.
It is not the difference between people that is the difficulty; it is the indifference.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. -Henri L Bergson
Anwar el Sadat~ Russians can give you arms but only the United States can give you a solution.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. -Harriet Woods
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips. -Oliver Goldsmith
To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan... believe... act! -Alfred A. Montapert
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine
One of the ceaseless wonders of the world is the power of a smile. (Malcolm S. Forbes)
Hard work doesn't harm anyone, but I do not want to take chances.
Walter Winchell~ Hollywood is a place where they place you under contract instead of under observation.
Donald H. Rumsfeld~ If you are not criticized you may not be doing much.
Mother Theresa~ God doesnt require us to succeed he only requires that you try.
Jean Anouilh~ Love is above all else the gift of oneself.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Hell there are no rules here - were trying to accomplish something.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. -Unknown Author
Marcus Tullius Cicero De Officiis~ Justice consists in doing no injury to men decency in giving them no offense.
One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible. -Lance Armstrong
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt. -William Shakespeare
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
The how thinker gets problems solved effectively because he wastes no time with futile ifs. -Norman Vincent Peale
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ Things could always be worse for instance you could be ugly and work in the Post Office.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows. -Japanese proverb
Self knowers always dwell in El Dorado; they drink from the fountain of youth, and at all times owners of all they wish to enjoy. - Claude M. Bristol
Father Jerome Cummings~ A friend is one who knows us but loves us anyway.
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind. -John Beecher
Charles Baudelaire~ Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry.
Susan Sontag~ The camera makes everyone a tourist in other peoples reality and eventually in ones own.
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner. -English proverb
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared. -Eddie Rickenbacker
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch. -John F. Kennedy
George Burns~ I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Tallulah Bankhead~ Heres a rule I recommend Never practice two vices at once.
Henry J. Kaiser~ Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man. -Euripides
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter~ Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger but in seeing it and conquering it.
Do you love me because I am beautiful or I am I beautiful because you love me?
Karl Barth~ Conscience is the perfect interpreter of life.
Walter Lippmann~ The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose. (Jim Elliot)
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Too often we... enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought.
A lot of fellows nowadays have a B.A., M.D., or Ph.D. Unfortunately, they don't have a J.O.B. - Fats Domino
J. Hart~ Fig Newton The force required to accelerate a fig . inches per sec.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ The best way to keep ones word is not to give it.
Enrique Jardiel Poncela~ When something can be read without effort great effort has gone into its writing.
Lee Trevino~ You can talk to a fade but a hook wont listen.
Nothing has any power over me other than that which I give it through my conscious thoughts. -Anthony Robbins
Alphonse Karr~ If we are to abolish the death penalty I should like to see the first step taken by my friends the murderers.
Jim Hightower~ Do something. If it doesnt work do something else. No idea is too crazy.
J. S. Bryan~ Many men can make a fortune by very few can build a family.
Matthew Arnold~ Resolve to be thyself and know that he who finds himself loses his misery.
Peter Drucker~ In all recorded history there has not been one economist who has had to worry about where the next meal would come from.
Alexander Popov~ I respect everyone. I even respect journalists.
Archimedes~ Give me where to stand and I will move the earth.
Tommy Boy~ Tommy Fat guy in a little coat.
Lord Newborough~ Vigorous let us be in attaining our ends and mild in our method of attainment.
Thomas Fuller~ Bacchus hath drowned more men than Neptune.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum~ The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
Brian Lindsay~ Becoming a star may not be your destiny but being the best you can be is a goal that you can set for yourself.
We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learned to bear its ills, without being overcome by them. -Juvenal
People may or may not say what they mean ... but they always say something designed to get what they want. - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Emperor Sigismund~ I am the Roman Emperor and am above grammar.
It is a pleasure to give advice, humiliating to need it, and normal to ignore it. (Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.)
Joe Moore~ Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you and just before you realize whats wrong with it.
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph! -Marvin Phillips
It is impossible to go through life without trust. That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all - oneself. -Graham Greene
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Jean de La Fontaine~ Nothing more dangerous than a friend without discretion even a prudent enemy is preferable.
Myron Tribus~ Knowledge without know-how is sterile. We use the word academic in a pejorative sense to identify this limitation.
Love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. - Jeanne Moreau
Juvenal~ It is not easy for men to rise whose qualities are thwarted by poverty.
Clive Staples Lewis~ Friendship is...the sort of love one can imagine between angels.
Storm Jameson~ Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply to enjoy simply to think freely to risk life to be needed.
It's the little things that matter, that add up in the end, with the priceless thrilling magic found only in a friend. -Elizabeth Dunphy
Michael R. Baer~ Perhaps each life has one sensational thought if acted upon will bring great meaning.
Albert Einstein~ If A is success in life then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x y is play and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Fear is that little darkroom where negatives are developed. -Michael Pritchard
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. -Brian Tracy
Alexander Pope~ Wit is the lowest form of humor.
Barbra Streisand~ You have got to discover you what you do and trust it.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ It is said that our anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows but only empties today of its strength.
Mahatma Gandhi~ Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
Princess Elizabeth Asquith Bibesco~ Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Indira Nehru Gandhi~ You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Samuel Ullman~ Years wrinkle the skin but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
The greatest happiness of life it the conviction that we are loved - loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. - Victor Hugo
Johann von Goethe~ The best fortune that can fall to a man is that which corrects his defects and makes up for his failings.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. -Malcolm Forbes
Tom Wolfe~ A cult is a religion with no political power.
Charles Franklin Kettering~ People are very open-minded about new things - as long as theyre exactly like the old ones.
Mark Twain~ Irreverence is the champion of liberty and its one sure defense.
I wear my wife's eyeglasses because she wants me to see things her way. (Jayson Feinburg)
When you are alone you are all your own. -Leonardo Da Vinci
If ever we hear a case of lying, we must look for a severe parents. A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt as dangerous.
A. J. Ayer~ No moral system can rest solely on authority.
Assyrian Proverb~ If the thunder is not loud the peasant forgets to cross himself.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
Robert Frost~ The best way out is always through.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ One Ring to rule them all One Ring to find them One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
We all suffer from the preoccupation that there exists ... in the loved one, perfection. - Sidney Poitier
Ayn Rand~ Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.
Aristotle~ To be conscious that we are perceiving or thinking is to be conscious of our own existence.
If there's so much laborsaving machinery, why don't I have more free time?
Danish proverb~ Tomorrow is often the busiest time of the year.
William Shakespeare~ Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds.
I have faith in fools, my friends call it self-confidence.
Pierre Corneille~ To win without risk is to triumph without glory.
Red Barber~ Baseball is dull only to dull minds.
William Blake~ Thy friendship oft has made my heart to ache do be my enemy - for friendships sake.
If you receive something that says "Send this to all your friends", please consider me not your friend.
Nicolas Boileau~ Un sot trouve toujours un plus sot qui ladmire. (A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.)
Jeff Melvoin~ Its not your painting anymore. It stopped being your painting the moment that you finished it.
Thomas Tusser~ Make hunger thy sauce as a medicine for health.
Henry Kissinger~ Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. Theres just too much fraternizing with the enemy.
It is unfortunate, considering that enthusiasm moves the world, that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to speak the truth. - Arthur James Balfour
Cicero~ Advice is judged by results not by intentions.
If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive. -Dale Carnegie
Aaron Machado~ The imaginary friends I had as a kid dropped me because their friends thought I didnt exist.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
La Rochefoucauld~ The greatest of all gifts is the power to estimate things at their true worth.
The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on forecasters.
Clinton Jones~ I never been in no situation where havin money make it any worse.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ There are occasions when it is undoubtedly better to incur loss than to make gain.
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn. -Hal Borland
Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"
T. S. Eliot~ This is the way the world endsThis is the way the world endsThis is the way the world endsNot with a bang but a whimper.
Walt Whitman~ I celebrate myself And what I assume you shall assume For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. -Marcus Aurelius
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is. -Albert Camus
Unknown~ You never have a chance for your luck to operate if you dont take risks.
John Muir~ When we try to pick out anything by itself we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.
Joe Orton~ Id the upbringing a nun would envy and thats the truth. Until I was fifteen I was more familiar with Africa than my own body.
A. J. Liebling~ The function of the press in society is to inform but its role in society is to make money.
Marcius Porcius Cato~ After Im dead Id rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one.
John Dryden~ A mob is the scum that rises upmost when the nation boils.
To light a candle is to cast a shadow.
The only people who never fail are those who never try. -Ilka Chase
Heaven on earth is a choice you must make, not a place we must find. -Wayne Dyer
Our admiration of fine writing will always be in proportion to its real difficulty and its apparent ease. -Charles Caleb Colton
Andrew Weremy~ There is more learning in the question itself than the answer.
Alcaeus~ Language exerts hidden power like a moon on the tides.
Abigail Van Buren~ Fight fire with fire and all youll end up with is ashes.
Francis Bacon~ Discretion in speech is more than eloquence.
Jeseph Joubert~ We must respect the past and mistrust the present if we wish to provide for the safety of the future.
Why is it that when you transport something by car, it's called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, it's called cargo?
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle. -William Penn
B. J. Gupta~ Mahatma is one whose soul doesnt rest in peace while there are tears even in a single eye.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
Jerry Coleman~ Theres a shot up the alley. Oh its just foul.
Irv Kupcinet~ What can you say about a society that says that God is dead and Elvis is alive
Benjamin Disraeli~ Fear makes us feel our humanity.
Nick Diamos~ Everybody lies but it doesnt matter because nobody listens.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them. -Dalai Lama
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Life itself is neither good nor evil but only a place for good and evil.
Lillian Carter~ Sure im for helping the elderly. Im going to be old myself some day.
Henri Poincare~ Thought is only a flash between two long nights but this flash is everything.
Count your age with friends but not with years. - Anonymous
Charles Rosin~ I cant criticize what I dont understand. If you want to call this art youve got the benefit of all my doubts.
Tom Wilson~ Honesty is the best image.
Herbert Clark Hoover~ When there is a lack of honor in government the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
Henny Youngman~ When God sneezed I didnt know what to say.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ A thought is often original though you have uttered it a hundred times.
Ambrose Bierce~ Cabbage A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a mans head.
Eric Hoffer~ The fear of becoming a has-been keeps some people from becoming anything.
Voltaire~ I may disagree with what you have to say but I shall defend to the death your right to say it.
Give to us clear vision that we may know where to stand and what to stand for. -Peter Marshall
Will Rogers~ Nothing you cant spell will ever work.
William Shakespeare~ Ill deeds are doubled with an evil word.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Every artist was first an amateur.
Albert Einstein~ Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
Seneca~ Not to feel ones misfortunes is not human not to bear them in not manly.
Mark Twain~ A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Once you get into this great stream of history you cant get out.
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom. -John Gray
Victor Hugo~ Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when whatever be the attitude of the body the soul is on its knees.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are. (Sholem Asch)
Francis Bacon~ A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
Anon.~ Hanlons RazorNever attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Gerald R. Ford~ Things are more like they are now than they have ever been.
Johann von Goethe~ A noble person attracts noble people and knows how to hold on to them.
Wernher Magnus Maximilian von Braun~ Research is what Im doing when I dont know what Im doing.
Will Rogers~ If Stupidity got us into this mess then why cant it get us out
Marshall McLuhan~ The new electronic interdependence recreates the world in the image of a global village.
Give according to your income, lest God will make your income like your giving.
The idea is in thyself. The impediment, too, is in thyself. -Thomas Carlyle
If I try to be like him, who will be like me? (Yiddish proverb)
Churton Collins~ In prosperity our friends know us in adversity we know our friends.
William L. DeAndrea~ Lifes two Great Questions Why me and What do I do now
Virtue is its own reward. -Marcus T. Cicero
Alice Kahn~ For a list of all the ways technology has failed to improve the quality of life please press three.
Kenneth Hildebrand~ Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes.
The map is not the territory. -Alfred Korzybski
Put my glasses back on.
Arthur Rubinstein~ I have found that if you love life life will love you back.
Life is like a game of tennis; the player who serves well seldom loses.
Joe Ancis~ The only normal people are the ones you dont know very well.
One half of the world will never understand the other half, and it doesn't matter which half you're in.
Patricia Hitchcock~ If your cat falls out of a tree go indoors to laugh.
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
Groucho Marx~ Outside of a dog a book is mans best friend. Inside of a dog its too dark to read.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ If it keeps up man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Fred Allen~ Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
Luigi Pirandello~ When you say you are in love with humanity you are well satisfied with yourself.
A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad. - Bob Edwards
Thomas Carlyle~ Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
A Gentleman is a man who will pay his gambling debts even when he knows he has been cheated. ~ Leo Tolstoy
It was high counsel that I once heard given to a young person: Always do what you are afraid to do. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Gilda Radner~ I base my fashion taste on what doesnt itch.
Fred Allen~ California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
A life of ease is a difficult pursuit. -William Cowper
There are three ways to obtain wealth: inheritance, luck, and hard work. None is guaranteed, but you have no influence over the first two.
Unknown~ Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
To do two things at once is to do neither. -Publilius Syrus
Albert Einstein~ Why is it that nobody understands me and everybody likes me
Mignon McLaughlin~ The young are generally full of revolt and are often pretty revolting about it.
A minute's success pays the failure for years. -Robert Browning
Spanish Proverb~ Never advise anyone to go to war or to marry.
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
Donald J. Trump~ As long as your going to be thinking anyway think big.
Exodus Bible~ See I am sending an angel ahead of you to guard you along the way...
Gambling is a principle inherent in nature. ~ Edmund Burke
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this earth. -N Eldon Tanner
Stanley Kunitz~ What makes the engine go Desire desire desire.
Louis Celine~ Most people die at the last minute others years beforehand some even earlier. They are the wretched of the earth.
Thomas Huxley~ Science is nothing but trained and organized common sense.
Saint Augustine~ The argument is at an end.
William F Claire~ I dream of wayward gulls and all landless lovers rare moments of winter sun peace privacy for everyone.
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. (Plato)
James Joyce~ A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
Eric Hoffer~ It is by its promise of a sense of power that evil often attracts the weak.
Charles De Gaulle~ I have come to the conclusion that politics are too serious a matter to be left to the politicians.
Samuel Johnson~ When making your choice in life do not neglect to live.
William Shakespeare~ Niether a borrower nor a lender be.
Chief Seattle~ Man did not weave the web of life he is merely a strand in it. Whatever he does to the web he does to himself.
Saadi~ Whoever acquires knowledge but does not practice it is as one who ploughs but does not sow.
Character is the ability to follow through on a resolution long after the emotion with which it was made has passed. -Brian Tracy
Gray skies are just clouds passing over. -Duke Ellington
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ It is a great ability to be able to conceal ones ability.
Carrie~ There is no point at which you can say Well Im successful now. I might as well take a nap.
G. K. Chesterton~ A good novel tells us the truth about its hero but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.
William Shakespeare~ A horse a horse my kingdom for a horse
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen. - Kin Hubbard
Intolerance is the most socially acceptable form of egotism, for it permits us to assume superiority without personal boasting. - Sidney J. Harris
Ecclesiasticus~ Have regard for your name since it will remain for you longer than a great store of gold.
Nadine Gordimer~ The very aim and end of our institutions is just this that we may think what we like and say what we think.
Lao Tzu~ He who loves the world as his body may be entrusted with the empire.
Oscar Wilde~ Why was I born with such contemporaries
The best way out is through. -Robert Frost
Alfred Adler~ If you dont know where youre going youll end up somewhere else.
Benjamin Franklin~ Time is money.
Eugene ONeill~ Happiness hates the timid So does science
When your Mom is mad at your dad, don't let her brush your hair.
William Arthur Ward~ We can learn much from wise words little from wisecracks and less from wise guys.
Ken Dodd~ Honolulu its got everything. Sand for the children sun for the wife sharks for the wifes mother.
There is one advantage to having nothing, it never needs repair. - Frank A. Clark
Abba Eban~ His ignorance is encyclopedic.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
A stone thrown at the right time is better than gold given at the wrong time. (Persian proverb)
Faithless is he who quits when the road darkens.(J.R.R. Tolkien, Lord of the Rings)
In the darkest hour the soul is replenished and given strength to continue and endure. -Anonymous
Life's blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed at the fire of enthusiasm. -Norman Vincent Peale
Peter Steiner~ On the Internet nobody knows youre a dog.
Anyone who thinks that they are too small to make a difference, has never been in bed with a mosquito.
To choose time is to save time. -Francis Bacon
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?" He said, "Call for backup."
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, only this time more wisely. -Author unknown
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another is essential to your own. (Robert Heinlein)
May you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you are dead. (Irish proverb)
Iris Murdoch~ Love is the difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
Nathaniel Branden~ Self-esteem is the reputation we acquire with ourselves.
Confucius~ It is only the wisest and the stupidest that cannot change.
A window of opportunity won't open itself. -Dave Weinbaum
George Bernard Shaw~ The golden rule is that there are no golden rules.
James Russell Lowell~ One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle. -Sir William Osler
Arthur Wellesley Wellington~ The only thing I am afraid of is fear.
Lao Tzu~ A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself. - Oscar Wilde
Polish Proverb~ The woman cries before the wedding and the man after.
Aristotle~ Wit is educated insolence.
Some say knowledge is power, but that is not true. Character is power. -Sri Sathya Sai Baba
Thomas Huxley~ Only one absolute certainty is possible to man namely that at any given moment the feeling which he has exists.
Do fish get thirsty?
Thomas Jefferson~ Never fear the want of business. A man who qualifies himself well for his calling never fails of employment.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ We should be eternally vigilant against attempts to check the expression of opinions that we loathe.
David Joseph Schwartz~ Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.
Jewish Proverb~ He who puts up with insult invites injury.
Make the iron hot by striking it. -Oliver Cromwell
George T. Hewitt~ The best things in life are never rationed. Friendship loyalty love do not require coupons.
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts. (Sign hanging in Albert Einstein's office)
Anon.~ Is my friend in the bunker or is the bastard on the green
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles A Beard
Francis Bacon~ The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Kay Lyons~ Yesterday is a canceled check tomorrow is a promissory note today is the only cash you have - so spend it wisely.
Herbert Hoover~ Words without actions are the assassins of idealism.
Woody Allen~ It is impossible to experience ones death objectively and still carry a tune.
Great things are only possible with outrageous requests. - Thea Alexander
Zig Ziglar~ You dont pay the price for success. You enjoy the price for success.
Kahlil Gibran~ Life without liberty is like a body without spirit.
Benjamin Franklin~ He was so learned that he could name a horse in nine languages so ignorant that he bought a cow to ride on.
Be near me when my light is low... And all the wheels of being slow. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
Stanislaw Lec~ You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.
When the only tool you have is a hammer you tend to see every problem as a nail. -Abraham Maslow
It is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers, but for powers equal to our tasks. -Helen Keller
The Talmud~ Live well. It is the greatest revenge.
Bob Edwards~ Now I know what a statesman is hes a dead politician. We need more statesmen.
To those who can dream there is no such place as faraway. -Unknown Author
H.L. Mencken~ Unquestionably there is progress. The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
Danny McGoorty~ I have never liked working. To me a job is an invasion of privacy.
Theodore Parker~ Democracy means not I am as good as you are but You are as good as I am.
No wind favors him who has no destined port. -Michel Eyquem
Success is in the details. -A P Erkkila
David Dunham~ Efficiency is intelligent laziness.
Ayn Rand~ Money is the barometer of a societys virtue.
the precious gift of caring and His never-ending blessing.
Aldous Huxley~ Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
John Shedd~ When there is an original sound in the world it makes a hundred echoes.
Denis Diderot~ Fanaticism is just one step away from barbarism.
Charles De Gaulle~ Treaties are like roses and young girls. They last while they last.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ Nobody goes there anymore because its too crowded.
Charles De Gaulle~ The great leaders have always stage-managed their effects.
Searamouche~ What makes life worth living To be born with the gift of laughter and sense that the world is mad.
Mosquitoes are a great moral force; it forces mankind to wear more clothes that modesty.
Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. -Napoleon Hill
No wife can endure a gambling husband,unless he is a steady winner. ~ Lord Thomas Robert Dewar
Allan Goldfein~ Only exceptionally rational men can afford to be absurd.
Greek Proverb~ All things good to know are difficult to learn.
Woody Allen~ Thought Why does man kill He kills for food. And not only food frequently there must be a beverage.
Claudianus~ Virtue is indeed its own reward.
Henry David Thoreau~ A grain of gold will gild a great surface but not so much as a grain of wisdom. - from Live Without Principle
Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
Fear knocked at the door. Faith answered and no one was there.
Ralph Charell~ Avoid the crowd. Do your own thinking independently. Be the chess player not the chess piece.
Chinese Proverb~ A thorn defends the rose harming only those who would steal the blossom.
Bernard Mannes Baruch~ Making a success of the job at hand is the best step toward the kind you want.
Your problem is never really your problem, your reaction to your problem is your problem. (Brian Kinsey)
Unknown~ Youre the one I love to love hate to hate love to hate and hate to love.
If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover, is he lucky?
Miss Piggy~ Never eat more than you can lift.
Sir Winston Churchill~ The power of man has grown in every sphere except over himself.
Does the name "Pavlov" ring a bell?
A. Alvarez~ When there is no peril in the fight there is no glory in the triumph.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ Men are not prisoners of fate but only prisoners of their own minds.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. -Napoleon Hill
Julius Henry Marx~ From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Robert A. Heinlein~ An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. - Bruce Jay Friedman
Thought is the labour of the intellect, reverie is its pleasure. - Thomas Henry Huxley
Anon.~ Earth is full. Please delete anyone you can.
German proverb~ A lean agreement is better than a fat lawsuit.
Lucretius~ Such evil deeds could religion prompt.
J. Edgar Hoover~ Justice is incidental to law and order.
Oliver Goldsmith~ Dont let us make imaginary evils when you know we have so many real ones to encounter.
Money is a good servant but a bad master. -French Proverb
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. -Zig Ziglar
Johnny Carson~ For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
Bob Dylan~ All this talk about equality. The only thing people really have in common is that they are all going to die.
Leona Helmsly~ Only the little people pay taxes.
Peter T. McIntyre~ Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Our five senses are incomplete without the sixth - a sense of humor.
Trey and Matt Stone Parker~ Living is having ups and downs and sharing them with friends.
That's the way things come clear. All of a sudden. And then you realize how obvious they've been all along. - Madeleine L'engle
Gifford Pinchot~ The vast possibilities of our great future will become realities only if we make ourselves responsible for that future.
He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city. - Bible
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions. -William F. Scolavino
William Shakespeare~ Sweet are the uses of adversity which like a toad though ugly and venomous wears yet a precious jewel in its head.
Erich Fromm~ There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.
Lillian Hellman~ Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations. - Steve Jobs
You may be born with a silver spoon in your mouth, but you need gold-hearted people to make your life more tasty.
Unknown~ The hardest part of any journey is taking that first step.
Richard Kemph~ Quotes are nothing but inspiration for the uninspired.
Henry David Thoreau~ The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when someone asked me what I thought and attended to my answer.
James Beard~ Food is our common ground a universal experience.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
When walking through the "valley of shadows," remember, a shadow is cast by a Light. - H.k. Barclay
Leo Tolstoy~ The more we live by our intellect the less we understand the meaning of life.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ I am always afraid of your something shall be done.
Harry Vaughan~ If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Akio Morita~ Curiosity is the key to creativity.
Ambition is pitiless. Any merit that it cannot use it finds despicable. -Joseph Joubert
Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair. -George Burns
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Sam Ewig~ Hard work spotlights the character of people some turn up their sleeves some turn up their noses and some dont turn up at all.
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all. - Sam Ewig
We make way for the man who boldly pushes past us. -Christian Nevell Bovee
Dick Cavett~ If your parents never had children chances are you wont either.
The true nature of a heart is seen in its response to the unattractive.
William Shakespeare~ Strong reasons make strong actions.
Attitude must be an art because it draws, and not a science because it can't be measured.
Wendell Phillips~ The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living.
Worry is interest paid in advance for a debt you may never owe.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ It is extreme evil to depart from the company of the living before you die.
When asking a question of someone your not sure of, only ask if you know half the answer.
Seneca~ The first step towards amendment is the recognition of error.
William Blake~ My mother groand my father wept Into the dangerous world I leapt Helpless naked piping load Like a friend hid in a cloud.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome. -Jules W Lederer
The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them. -Stephen King
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ We do what we must and call it by the best names.
Leo Tolstoy~ If one has no vanity in this life of ours there is no sufficient reason for living.
Copy from one its plagiarism. Copy from two its research.
Thoughts create a new heaven, a new firmament, a new source of energy, from which new arts flow. -Philipus Aureolus Paracelsus
William Congreve~ Defer not till tomorrow to be wise tomorrows sun to thee may never rise.
Old School~ Beanie I have a wife and kids. Do I seem like a happy guy to you Frank
To the degree we're not living our dreams; our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves. -Peter McWilliams
Why can't life's problems hit us when we're 17 and know everything?
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Dont ever take a fence down until you know the reason why it was put up.
Richard Leider~ The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose.
Martha Stewart~ I catnap now and then but I think while I nap so its not a waste of time.
John Donne~ More than kisses letters mingle souls.
I am not an organ donor, but I once gave an old piano to the Salvation Army.
Hannah Arendt~ The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution.
Dr. Seuss~ Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.
Matthew Arnold~ The true meaning of religion is thus not simply morality but morality touched by emotion.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. -James D. Miles
Edwin W. Edwards~ Hes so slow that he takes an hour and a half to watch Minutes.
Every time I try to define a perfectly stable person, I am appalled by the dullness of that person. -J. D. Griffin
Genius develops in quiet places, character out in the full current of human life. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Madame Swetchine~ We deceive ourselves when we fancy that only weakness needs support. Strength needs it far more.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ Most people sell their souls and live with a good conscience on the proceeds.
Henry Ford~ One of the greatest discoveries a man makes one of his great surprises is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldnt do.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. -Malcolm Forbes
Theodore Parker~ Never violate the sacredness of your individual self-respect.
Ken Hakuta~ Lack of money is no obstacle. Lack of an idea is an obstacle.
Konrad Adenauer~ Kennedy cooked the soup that Johnson had to eat.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. -Margaret Thatcher
Alexandre Dumas~ Rogues are preferable to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
Theodore Roosevelt~ No man is above the law and no man below it.
Thomas Jefferson~ Never spend your money before you have it.
Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers. -Unknown Author
John Stuart Mill~ Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
Matt Welsh~ If youre masochistic enough to program in ADA were not going to stop you.
Henry Ford~ Asking Who ought to be the boss is like asking Who ought to be the tennor in the quartet Obviously the man who can sing tenor.
William James~ The essence of genius is to know what to overlook.
James Arthur Baldwin~ The price we pay when pursuing any art or calling is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
Edwin Booth~ An actor is a sculptor who carves in snow.
Confucius~ Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.
Jacob Braude~ Always behave like a duck - keep calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle like the devil underneath.
William Shakespeare~ The plays the thing Wherein Ill catch the conscience of the king.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ I awoke this morning with devout thanksgiving for my friends the old and the new.
Noble deeds and hot baths are the best cures for depression. -Dodie Smith
Some people are wise, and some are otherwise. (Mark Twain)
Sam Ewig~ Success has a simple formula do your best and people may like it.
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go. -Josh Billings
Charles W. Tobey~ A democratic government is only as strong as the alert conscience of its people.
For God is not against us because of our sin. He is with us; against our sin.
Dylan Thomas~ Do not go gentle into that good night Old age should burn and rave at close of day Rage rage against the dying of the light.
Publilius Syrus~ Tis foolish to fear what you cannot avoid.
Harry Firestone~ You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself.
Korean Proverb~ Where there are no tigers a wildcat is very self-important.
Fred Thompson~ After two years in Washington I often long for the realism and sincerity of Hollywood.
What we are looking for is what is looking. -St Francis Assisi
Unknown~ Your philosophy determines whether you will go for the diciplines or continue the errors.
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. -Doug Ivester
Samual Rutherford~ Live on Christs love while ye are here and all the way.
Romain Cary~ Humore is an affirmation of mans dignity a declaration of mans superiority to all that befalls him.
There are many elements to a campaign. Leadership is number one. Everything else is number two. -Bertolt Brecht
Abraham Lincoln~ I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.
Lord Thomas Dewar~ Minds are like parachutes they work best when open.
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise. -Kathleen Turner
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until he starts to work.
Prosperity is not without many fears and disasters; and adversity is not without comforts and hopes. -Francis Bacon
When we speak of the commerce with our colonies, fiction lags after truth, invention is unfruitful, and imagination cold and barren. - Edmund Burke
Lyle Alzado~ I dont really trust a sane person.
Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers. -Anonymous
Juvenal~ Think it the greatest impiety to prefer life to disgrace and for the sake of life to lose the reason for living.
Alexis Carrel~ All of us at certain moments of our lives need to take advice and to receive help from other people.
George Gordon Byron~ There is something Pagan in me that I cannot shake off. In short I deny nothing but doubt everything.
If the world is spinning so quickly why don't we all get dizzy?
Thomas Jefferson~ Peace commerce and honest friendship with all nations entangling alliances with none.
In many cases stress is caused, not by the event itself, but rather by our response to the event.
G. H. Hardy~ It is not worth an intelligent mans time to be in the majority. By definition there are already enough people to do that.
Slight not what's near, while aiming at what's far. (Euripides 480-406 B.C.)
Real Live Preacher~ This isnt good or bad. Its just the way of things. Nothing stays the same.
Rabindranath Tagore~ Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
Sylvia Fine Kaye~ An unemployed court jester is nobodys fool.
A woman's heart is like a campfire; if you don't tend it often the flame will go out. (Willie M. Lawrence)
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Victory belongs to the most persevering.
By the accident of fortune a man may rule the world for a time, but by virtue of love and kindness he may rule the world forever. -Lao-Tze
Christianity knows no truth which is not the child of love and the parent of duty. -Phillips Brooks
Brendan Behan~ He was born an Englishman and remained one for years.
Lee Iacocca~ Management is nothing more than motivating other people.
Voltaire~ All men are born with a nose and ten fingers but no one was born with a knowledge of God.
Japanese Proverb~ When the character of a man is not clear to you look at his friends.
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
It is better to correct your own faults than those of another. -Democritus
Recipe; step-by-step instructions for preparing ingredients you forgot to buy, in utensils you don't own, to make a dish the dog won't eat.
Stanislaw Lec~ Advice to writers Sometimes you just have to stop writing. Even before you begin.
Don Mazankowski~ I think it would be totally inappropriate for me to even contemplate what I am thinking about.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. -Napoleon Hill
Confucius~ Looking at small advantages prevents great affairs from being accomplished.
Publilius Syrus~ Beware the fury of a patient man.
I had ambition not only to go farther than any man had ever been before, but as far as it was possible for a man to go. -James R. Cook
Coolness and absence of heat and haste indicate fine qualities. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thomas Carlyle~ The greatest of faults I should say is to be conscious of none.
Robert Benchley~ Drinking makes such fools of people and people are such fools to begin with that its compounding a felony.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Windows 3.1 not found: (C)heer, (P)arty, (D)ance?
It may be that the race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong - but that is the way to bet. - Cybill Shepherd
John Ray~ Adversity makes men wise but not rich.
Man Ray~ It has never been my object to record my dreams just to realize them.
What man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison
Thomas Fuller~ If we are bound to forgive an enemy we are not bound to trust him.
Sir Arthur Eddington~ Something unknown is doing we dont know what.
Let us realize that the privilege to work is a gift, that power to work is a blessing, that love of work is success. (David O. McKay)
Unknown~ He who hesitates is not only lost but miles from the next exit.
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content. -Helen Keller
Life is a sexually transmitted disease. -Guy Bellamy
We teach what we live. -Unknown Author
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I turned into the helicopter ... the red carpet was rolled up. ... The White House was behind us now.
We are digging our graves with our teeth. -Thomas Moffett
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Robert Brault~ I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult the calendar.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ What is a weed A plant whose virtues have never been discovered.
Willa Cather~ No one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person.
Chuang-tzu~ The perfect man uses his mind as a mirror. It grasps nothing. It regrets nothing. It receives but does not keep.
Stuart Seaton~ The human brain is a most unusual instrument of elegant and as yet unknown capacity.
Buddha~ We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts we make the world.
Lucille Ball~ The secret of staying young is to live honestly eat slowly and lie about your age.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ It takes little talent to see what lies under ones nose a good deal to know in what direction to point that organ.
James Otis~ Taxation without representation is tyranny.
Albert Einstein~ Intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them.
Old School~ Beanie Well Columbus wasnt looking for America my man but that turned out to be pretty okay for everyone.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't see the same horizon.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame. Seneca -Benjamin Franklin. - Benjamin Franklin
G. C. Lichtenberg~ There are people who think that everything one does with a serious face is sensible.
Oliver Cromwell~ Make the iron hot by striking it.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage he wont encounter many rivals.
Seneca~ Brother the Great Spirit has made us all. . . . .
Brian Tracy~ The more credit you give away the more will come back to you. The more you help others the more they will want to help you.
When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform, always do the most disagreeable first. -Josiah Quincy
Howard Mumford Jones~ Persecution is the first law of society because it is always easier to suppress criticism than to meet it.
Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until they become habits. -Charles Givens
Nathaniel Emmons~ I could never think well of a mans intellectual or moral character if he was habitually unfaithful to his appointments.
If you wait to have kids until you can afford them, you probably never will.
Oscar Wilde~ Only the shallow know themselves.
Isaac Asimov~ I do not fear computers. I fear lack of them.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe. -Marilyn vos Savant
Ayn Rand~ Guilt is a rope that wears thin.
Dr. Jeffrey Borenstein~ Freedom is that instant between when someone tells you to do something and when you decide how to respond.
Unknown~ What do you do when the only person who can make you stop crying is the person who made you cry
Thomas a Kempis~ Carry the cross patiently and with perfect submission and in the end it shall carry you.
The gods only laugh when people ask them for money. -Japanese Proverb
William Blake~ When the doors of perception are cleansed man will see things as they truly are infinite.
As a man begins to live more seriously within; he begins to live more simply without.
Ernest J. Gaines~ Question everything. Every stripe every star every word spoken. Everything.
We buy things we don't need, with money we don't have, to impress people we don't know. (Dr. Larry Lea)
Oprah Winfrey~ The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal you can get there if youre willing to work.
Confucius~ Real knowledge is to know the extent of ones ignorance.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Character is higher than intellect... A great soul will be strong to live as well as to think.
Vartan Gregorian~ Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose
He that can't endure the bad will not live to see the good. (Yiddish Proverb)
Vote with your life; vote yes! -Das Energi
I've learned that love, not time, heals all wounds. - Andy Rooney
Happiness is like peeing in your pants. Everyone can see it, but no one feels the warmth as you do. (J.Tilse)
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death. -General Omar Bradley
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man. -Rabindranath Tagore
Andy Gibb~ Girls are always running through my mind. They dont dare walk.
Miles Davis~ Ill play it first and tell you what it is later.
Homer~ All strangers and beggars are from Zeus and a gift though small is precious.
Alan Greenspan~ I know that you think you know what I said. But Im not sure whether you understood that what you heard is what I meant.
Jesus~ Whatever thy hand findest to do do it with all thy heart.
I cant beleive I just paid $45 to see leona lewis, am I ill
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ The progress of the rivers to the ocean is not so rapid as that of man to error.
The wages of sin is death. Repent before payday.
Peter De Vries~ I write when Im inspired and I see to it that Im inspired at nine oclock every morning.
Gary Mark Gilmore~ Death is the only inescapable unavoidable sure thing. We are sentenced to die the day were born.
Samuel Goldwyn~ When someone does something good applaud You will make two people happy.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well. -Lord Chesterfield
Will Rogers~ Dont let yesterday take up too much of today.
Loser's visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success. -Rob Gilbert
Samuel Johnson~ Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous mind.
Dinah Mulock Craik~ Believe only half of what you see and nothing that you hear.
Debi Thomas~ I tell people Im too stupid to know whats impossible. I have ridiculously large dreams and half the time they come true.
George Gordon Byron~ For what were all these country patriots born To hunt and vote and raise the price of corn
Real Live Preacher~ Love the ones you can. Touch the ones you can reach. Let the others go.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
James R. Lowell~ Toward no crime have men shown themselves so cold-bloodedly cruel as in punishing differences of belief.
George Bernard Shaw~ We dont bother much about dress and manners in England because as a nation we dont dress well and weve no manners.
Francis Bacon~ Man seeketh in society comfort use and protection.
A program is never finished until the programmer dies.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly. -Lauren Bacall
Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey! -Barbara Hoffman
Charles Dickens~ Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers and are famous preservers of youthful looks.
Portuguese Proverb~ Visits always give pleasure if not the arrival the departure.
Anatole France~ To accomplish great things we must not only act but also dream not only plan but also believe.
Chinese Proverb~ When you drink the water remember the spring.
Bill Maher~ We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities.
Kahlil Gibran~ Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
Jeseph Joubert~ Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love the truth.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ We must laugh at man to avoid crying for him.
At a distance from home a man is judged by what he means. -Anonymous
Mark Twain~ Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you dont mind it doesnt matter.
The greatest waste in the world is the difference between what we are and what we could become. -Ben Herbster
The first and the best victory is to conquer self. -Plato
Who got it, did get it; and who left it, did regret it. (Algerian proverb)
Oscar Wilde~ I adore simple pleasures. They are the last refuge of the complex.
William Weld~ Theres no Walter Cronkite to give you the final word each evening.
Hate corrodes the vessel that carries it. - Alka Goyal
Unknown~ If someone breaks your heart forgive them. For they have helped you leard an important lesson on who you open your heart to.
Ink drys, paper burns, but what is written in the soul will last an eternity.
Seneca~ Difficulties strengthen the mind as labour the body.
Jules Renard~ I am not sincere even when I say I am not.
Kingman Brewster Jr.~ Im very curious to know what the hell theyre saying on the phone but Id be more worried if they werent talking.
There are three ingredients in the good life: yearning, learning, and earning. -Christopher Morley
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. (Maori proverb)
Aesop~ Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
Alan Turing~ Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Lord Thomas Dewar~ Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.~ );
Brock Chisholm~ You can only cure retail but you can prevent wholesale.
If you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
You've got to create a dream. You've got to uphold the dream. If you can't, go back to the factory or go back to the desk. -Eric Burdon
Albert Camus~ Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.
If you your lips would keep from slips, Five things observe with care: Of whom you speak, to whom you speak, And how and when and where.
G. K. Chesterton~ I say that a man must be certain of his morality for the simple reason that he has to suffer for it.
If you wish to make a man your enemy, tell him simply, You are wrong. This method works every time. -Henry Link
Alphonse Marie Louis de Lamartine~ Sad is his lot who once at least in his life has not been a poet.
Anne Frank~ How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Strive for integrity - that means knowing your values in life and behaving in a way that is consistent with these values. -Unknown Author
Robert A. Heinlein~ There aint no such thing as a free lunch.
Your morality can keep you out of jail, but only the Blood of Jesus Christ, can keep you of hell!
Chinese Proverb~ If you always give You will always have.
Virtue is like health: the harmony of the whole man. -Thomas Carlyle
Woody Allen~ Its not that Im afraid to die I just dont want to be there when it happens.
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ Situations reveal who we are they dont create who we are.
Fred Hufnagel Sr.~ Be nice to everyone on your way to the top because you pass them all on the way down.
Japanese Proverb~ Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one.
Thomas Paine~ Better fare hard with good men than feast it with bad.
Euripides~ Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Alexandre Dumas~ Nothing succeeds like success.
Johann von Goethe~ There is a courtesy of the heart it is allied to love. From it springs the purest courtesy in the outward behavior.
Terry Josephson~ I am not God but I am my creator.
Clarence Thomas~ I dont believe in quotas. America was founded on a philosophy of individual rights not group rights.
It's not failure, but low aim is crime. -Lowell
Thomas Alva Edison~ When I have fully decided that a result is worth getting I go ahead of it and make trial after trial until it comes.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
William Saroyan~ Good people are good because theyve come to wisdom through failure.
Voltaire~ It is new fancy rathert than taste which produces so many new fashions.
William Arthur Ward~ The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
Proverbs . Bible~ Give me neither poverty nor riches.
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world.
I've never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is a temporary situation.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Acquaintance. A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well enough to lend to.
Josephus Daniels~ Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it.
Rudyard Kipling~ Down to Gehenna or up to the Throne He travels fastest who travels alone.
Elizabeth Bowen~ If you look at life one way there is always cause for alarm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ People only see what they are prepared to see.
Anouk Aimee~ Some pray to marry the man they love my prayer will somewhat vary I humbly pray to heaven above that I love the man I marry.
Do not fear the winds of adversity. Remember: A kite rises against the wind rather than with it. -Unknown Author
Francis Hutcheson~ Wisdom denotes the pursuing of the best ends by the best means.
Samuel C. Florman~ Engineering is the art or science of making practical.
Desiderius Erasmus~ Give light and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Cristion Morgenstern~ Home is not where you live but where they understand you.
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself; hire someone; or forbid your kids to do it.
Unknown~ Heal the past Live the present Dream the future.
Thomas Campbell~ Cease every joy to glimmer on my mind But leave - -oh leave the light of Hope behind.
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather ... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car ...
Aldous Huxley~ A mans worst difficulties begin when he is able to do as he likes.
Pierre Beaumarchais~ If a thing isnt worth saying you sing it.
Jean de la Bruyere~ Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present - which seldom happens to us.
Ray Kroc~ Youre only as good as the people you hire.
Rita Holt~ There it was hidden in alphabetical order.
A long dispute means that both parties are wrong.
George Bernard Shaw~ The savage bows down to idols of wood and stone the civilized man to idols of flesh and blood.
Dick Houser~ When youre a lawyer you expect your client to lie to you but not when he is the president.
English Proverb~ Write down the advice of him who loves you though you like it not at present.
John G. Vance~ Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently.
Unknown~ Fate only takes you so far. The rest is up to you.
When in doubt. . . mumble.
Aristotle~ To give a satisfactory decision as to the truth it is necessary to be rather an arbitrator than a party to the dispute.
Horace~ Help a man against his will and you do the same as murder him.
Juvenal~ But who is to guard the guards themselves
Kindness gives birth to kindness. -Sophocles
Are unripened oranges called greens?
Henry Graham Greene~ Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim.
The man who has no imagination has no wings. -Muhammad Ali
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ A person is always startled when he hears himself seriously called an old man for the first time.
Houssaye~ Tell me whom you love and I will tell you who you are.
Most accidents happen at home - maybe we should move.
George Bernard Shaw~ Man can climb to the highest summits but he cannot dwell there long.
Henrik Ibsen~ What ought a man to be Well my short answer is himself.
Hellen Keller~ The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
H.L. Mencken~ Misogynist A man who hates women as much as women hate one another.
W. H. Davies~ What is this life if so full of care We have no time to stand and stare.
Notice: The only person getting his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
Worry is like a rocking chair - it gives you something to do but won't get you anywhere. -Unknown Author
Hobart Brown~ Money doesnt always bring happiness. People with ten million dollars are no happier than people with nine million dollars.
W. G. Benham~ When you see a snake never mind where he came from.
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone. -Charles De Gaulle
Dorothe Deluzy~ We believe at once in evil we only believe in good upon reflection. Is this not sad
George Bergman~ There is no time like the pleasant.
Jerry Coleman~ I dont mean he missed him but he just didnt get him when he put the tag on him.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The most instructive experiences are those of everyday life.
Eudora Welty~ The events of our lives happen in a sequence of time but in their significance to ourselves they find their own order.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ To ask the hard question is simple.
I think it's the mark of a great player to be confident in tough situations. -John McEnroe
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. -Harry Golden
Julius Robert Oppenheimer~ Any man whose errors take ten years to correct is quite a man.
Every closed eye is not sleeping; and every open eye is not seeing.
Jeseph Joubert~ Imagination is the eye of the soul.
It is very dangerous to have your self-worth riding on your results as an athlete. - Jim Courier
Worry not that no one knows of you; seek to be worth knowing. -Confucius
Benjamin Disraeli~ Said Waldershare Sensible men are all of the same religion. And pray what is that ... Sensible men never tell.
Robert Browning~ I show you doubt to prove that faith exists.
Woody Allen~ Most of the time I dont have much fun. The rest of the time I dont have any fun at all.
If you're too busy to give your neighbor a helping hand, then you're just too darned busy. -Marie T. Freeman
Henry David Thoreau~ Dreams are the touchstones of our character.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
Mark Twain~ To be good is noble but to teach others how to be good is nobler - and less trouble.
Irving Wallace~ To be ones self and unafraid whether right or wrong is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
Mark Twain~ Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
One of the greatest pieces of economic wisdom is to know what you do not know. - John Kenneth Galbraith
Euripides~ The gifts of a bad man bring no good with them.
Susan B. Anthony~ Men their rights and nothing more women their rights and nothing less.
A tree growing out of the ground is as wonderful today as it ever was. It does not need to adopt new and startling methods. - Robert Henri
William Shakespeare~ The sands are numberd that make up my life.
Robert J. Sawyer~ General principles should not be based on exceptional cases.
Italian Proverb~ Bed is the poor mans opera.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good.
Roger Babson~ It takes a person who is wide awake to make his dream come true.
Eubie~ Never trust anyone who wants what youve got. Friend or no envy is an overwhelming emotion.
Charles Dudley Warner~ No one can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it has stopped snowing.
Edgar Watson Howe~ Most people have seen worse things in private than they pretend to be shocked at in public.
The postman is wearing sexy shorts today!
Clyde B. Aster~ When someone tells you something defies description you can be pretty sure hes going to have a go at it anyway.
Percy Wynham Lewis~ Sadistic excess attempts to reach roughly and by harshness what art reaches by fineness.
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
Paul Klee~ A single day is enough to make us a little larger.
Albert Einstein~ Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
James Arthur Baldwin~ Nobody is more dangerous than he who imagines himself pure in heart for his purity by definition is unassailable.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale
Thomas a Kempis~ Who has a harder fight than he who is striving to overcome himself.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I dont pretend to have all the answers. I dont pretend to even know what the questions are. Hey where am I
Foolproof systems do not take into account the ingenuity of fools. - Gene Brown
Wystan Hugh Auden~ As a rule it was the pleasure haters that became unjust.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. (Mark Twain)
George Washington~ Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.
Horace~ Remember when lifes path is steep to keep your mind even.
Hortense Calisher~ This is my answer to the gap between ideas and action - I will write it out.
A drunk mans' words are a sober mans' thoughts.
Chinese Proverb~ Those who have free seats at a play hiss first.
Will Durant~ The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
Stanislaw Lec~ When you jump for joy beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. -Bertrand Russell
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev~ We are not abandoning our convictions our philosophy or traditions nor do we urge anyone to abandon theirs.
William Shakespeare~ Alas poor Yorick I knew him Horatio a fellow of infinite jest of most excellent fancy...
Jefferson Davis~ All we ask is to be let alone.
Moliere~ To find yourself jilted is a blow to your pride. Do your best to forget it and if you dont succeed at least pretend to.
Euripides~ A great obstacle to happiness is to anticipate too great a happiness.
Tallulah Bankhead~ They used to photograph Shirley Temple through gauze. They should photograph me through linoleum.
Aristophenes~ The wise learn many things from their enemies.
Elbert Hubbard~ A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
Charles Caleb Colton~ Ladies of Fashion starve their happiness to feed their vanity and their love to feed their pride.
If you have to ask, you can't afford it! - J. Pierpont Morgan
Clones are people two.
Han Suyin~ Truth like surgery may hurt but it cures.
Jonathan Swift~ We have just enough religion to make us hate but not enough to make us love on another.
Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them. -Tom Stoppard
Protagoras~ There are two sides to every question.
Gaius Petronius~ What power has law where only money rules.
Alice Mackenzie Swaim~ Courage is not the towering oak That sees storms come and go It is the fragile blossom That opens in the snow.
Mortimer Adler~ Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men.
In the midst of movement and chaos keep stillness inside of you. -Deepak Chopra
Art is work, to sell it is art.
No one plans to fail but people can fail to plan.
Why cant I update my picture , CUH! I mean I am topless and everything
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
Aesop~ Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
Thomas Jefferson~ Determine never to be idle...It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive. -Wayne Dyer
Insults should be written in the sand, and praises carved in stone. -Arab proverb
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, happiness, which is everything in this world. -Blaise Pascal
Love is a friendship set to music. -E Joseph Cossman
Jean Ingelow~ I have lived to thank God that all my prayers have not been answered.
A pint can't hold a quart - if it holds a pint it is doing all that can be expected of it. -Margaret Deland
There is no real excellence in all this world which can be separated from right living. -David Starr Jordan
M. H. Alderson~ If at first you dont succeed youre running about average.
Thomas Jefferson~ Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God.
Paulette Bates Alden~ Her grandmother as she gets older is not fading but rather becoming more concentrated.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. -George E. Woodberry
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land amongst the stars. -Les Brown
Find a purpose in life so big it will challenge every capacity to be at your best. -David O. McKay
Susan Sontag~ What is most beautiful in virile men is something feminine what is most beautiful in feminine women is something masculine.
Ambrose Bierce~ Faith Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge of things without parallel.
Leone Levi~ One voice can enter ten ears but ten voices cannot enter one ear.
I know I have the ability to do so much more than just stand in front of the camera the rest of my life. - Jennie Garth
No man will work for your interests unless they are his. -David Seabury
It opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. -Milton Berle
Emily Dickinson~ A little Madness in the Spring Is wholesome even for the King.
This is how it happens. We get the Dream, but we don't get to dictate every step toward the dream. -Peter Mcwilliams
Rolland W. Schloerb~ If our religion only proclaims a high standard of ethics then our religion is a burden heavier than we can bear.
A pack of cards is the devil's prayer-book. - Proverb
Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat. - Ryszard Kapuscinski
Dalton Camp~ Politics is made up largely of irrelevancies.
Success, or failure, very often arrives on wings that seem mysterious to us. - Dr. Marcus Bach
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence. -Dr. Martin Luther King
Leo Tolstoy~ Music is the shorthand of emotion.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ To obtain a mans opinion of you make him mad.
Kyle Chandler~ Opportunity does not knock it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Dag Hammarskjld~ I am the vessel. The draft is Gods. And God is the thirsty one.
Edgar Watson Howe~ What people say behind your back is your standing in the community.
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ There is a New America every morning when we wake up. It is upon us whether we will it or not.
Unknown~ One who thinks by the inch and talks by the mile should be kicked by the foot.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Light at the end of the tunnel We dont even have a tunnel we dont even know where the tunnel is.
Sren Aaby Kierkegaard~ Life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced.
A cult is a religion with no political power. -Tom Wolfe
Sir Walter Scott~ Oh the tangled webs we weave When we practice to deceive.
Conscience is a man's compass. -Vincent Van Gogh
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. -Beverly Sills
Catfish Hunter~ The sun dont shine on the same dogs ass all the time.
George Eliot~ Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.
Don't make excuses, make good. -Unknown Author
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops. - Thomas J. Watson
As intelligence increases speach decreases. (Ali bin Abi Talib)
Frank Dane~ Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet. -Franklin P Jones
Abraham Lincoln~ When you have got an elephant by the hind leg and he is trying to run away its best to let him run.
Mary Bertone~ Get thee glass eyes And like a scurvy politician seem To see the things thou dost not.
Hyman Rickover~ Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience.
Aesop~ In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.
Robert Anson Heinlein~ Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Sharon Salzberg~ Life is like and ever-shifting kaleidoscope - a slight change and all patterns alter.
Fannie Hurst~ Some people think they are worth a lot of money just because they have it.
Jacob Braude~ Theres no fool like an old fool - - you cant beat experience.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Life is the childhood of our immortality.
Personal ad from newspaper: Worried about in-law meddling? I'm an orphan. Write POB 74
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ Dare to be naive.
We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us. -John Dryden
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life. -Sandara Carey
Richard Milhous Nixon~ If an individual wants to be a leader and isnt controversial that means he never stood for anything.
Style is the image of character. - Edward Gibbon
Alice Hoffman~ When all is said and done the weather and love are the two elements about which one can never be sure.
Al Capone~ I have built my organization upon fear.
We carry with us the wonders we seek without us. -Thomas Browne
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ We are born to inquire into truth it belongs to a greater to possess it.
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more. -Erica Jong
Go forward confidently, energetically attacking problems, expecting favorable outcomes. -Norman Vincent Peale
Horace~ I will not add another word.
Jonathan Swift~ Nothing is so hard for those who abound in riches as to conceive how others can be in want.
Amidst the mists and coldest frosts, he thrusts his fists against the posts, and still insists he sees the ghosts. (say it out loud)
James M. Barrie~ Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
When I am right, I get angry. Churchill gets angry when he is wrong. So we were often angry at each other. -Charles De Gaulle
Leonardo DaVinci~ Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Richard L. Evans~ Dont let life discourage you everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
Ruben Studdard~ People dont have to like or support you so you always have to say thank you.
I think I might never
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar. - William Wordsworth
Peter Drucker~ Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work.
Homer~ The minds of the everlasting gods are not changed suddenly.
Warren Buffett~ The only time to buy these is on a day with no y in it.
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard, and putting off a hard one makes it impossible. -George H. Lonmer
The drowning man is not troubled by rain. -Persian Proverb
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Just trust yourself then you will know how to live.
Harrison Ford~ Nothing shocks me. Im a scientist.
Oprah Winfrey~ With every experience you alone are painting your own canvas thought by thought choice by choice.
Will Rogers~ Communism is like prohibition its a good idea but it wont work.
I've to say NO to the good so I can say YES to the best.
Napoleon~ Glory is fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Ovid~ The result justifies the deed.
Sin wouldn't be so attractive, if the wages were paid immediately.
Thomas Hardy~ Though a good deal is too strange to be believed nothing is too strange to have happened.
George Lucas~ Luminous beings are we not this crude matter.
Harry Emerson Fosdick~ Hold a picture of yourself long and steadily enough in your minds eye and you will be drawn toward it.
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
Anon.~ Shell to DOS... Come in DOS do you copy Shell to DOS...
George Santayana~ Culture is on the horns of this dilemma if profound and noble it must remain rare if common it must become mean.
John M. Barrie~ Never ascribe to an opponent motives meaner than your own.
Women punish themselves for the failure to conform. -Sandra Bartky
Kingman Brewster Jr.~ If I take refuge in ambiguity I assure you that its quite conscious.
Jessica Sharp~ Why was I so blind that I couldnt see our love was changing underneath our very noses
Charles Horton Cooley~ We are born to action and whatever is capable of suggesting and guiding action has power over us from the first.
Oscar Wilde~ America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between.
The best prophet is common sense, our native wit. - Euripides
Good luck is often with the man who doesn't include it in his plans. -Unknown Author
Jorge Luis Borges~ Nothing is built on stone all is built on sand but we must build as if the sand were stone.
Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy. -Gretta Brooker Palmer
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. -Walter Bagehot
Victory belongs to the most persevering. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Lois McMaster Bujold~ My home is not a place it is people.
I've learned that just one person saying to me, "You've made my day!" makes my day. - Andy Rooney
M Scott Peck~ Real love is a permanently self-enlarging experience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Work and acquire and thou hast chained the wheel of Chance.
Seneca~ I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good.
Edward Young~ All men think all men are mortal but themselves.
The executive exists to make sensible exceptions to general rules. - Elting E. Morison
Failures are divided into two classes-those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. -John Charles Salak
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Youth fades love droops the leaves of friendship fall A mothers secret hope outlives them all.~ );
Walt Whitman~ Do I contradict myself Very well then I contradict myself
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. -Ronald. E. Osborn
Alan Greenspan~ How do we know when irrational exuberance has unduly escalated asset values
Publilius Syrus~ Never find your delight in anothers misfortune.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. -Arnold Glasgow
In business, you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate. -Chester L. Karrass
Every job is a self portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence. -Unknown Author
Miguel de Cervantes~ You may as well expect pears from an elm.
Abraham Lincoln~ People who like this sort of thing will find this the sort of thing they like.
Mark Twain~ Its not the size of the dog in the fight its the size of the fight in the dog.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again, more intelligently. -Henry Ford
Seneca~ It is rash to condemn where you are ignorant.
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Lord Thomas Dewar~ Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open.
P. J. ORourke~ The mystery of government is not how Washington works but how to make it stop.
Once in a while it really hits people that they don't have to experience the world in the way they have been told to. -Alan Keightley
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings. -Samuel Johnson
Garry Shandling~ I have such poor vision I can date anybody.
Fyodor Dostoevsky~ Neither man or nation can exist without a sublime idea.
Publilius Syrus~ Learn to see in anothers calamity the ills which you should avoid.
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but as a group decide nothing can be done. -Fred Allen
Epictetus~ Preach not to others what they should eat but eat as becomes you and be silent.
Mary Lou Cook~ Creativity is inventing experimenting growing taking risks breaking rules making mistakes and having fun.
Computer Science: solving today's problems tomorrow.
Bette Greene~ What is genius anyway if it isnt the ability to give an adequate response to a great challenge
Marianne Williamson~ Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
Joseph Farrell~ If you go in for argument take care of your temper. Your logic if you have any will take care of itself.
Frank Zappa~ Communism doesnt work because people like to own stuff.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
If the creator had a purpose in equipping us with a neck, he surely meant us to stick it out. -Arthur Koestler
George Bernard Shaw~ What we want is to see the child in pursuit of knowledge and not knowledge in pursuit of the child.
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart. -Seneca
Mack R. Douglas~ The achievement of your goal is assured the moment you commit yourself to it.
Don Wood~ Stupid is forever ignorance can be fixed.
A good rest is half the work. -Proverb
Latin Proverb~ It is easier to pull down than to build up.
James Magary~ Computers can figure out all kinds of problems except the things in the world that just dont add up.
P. J. ORourke~ Making fun of born-again Christians is like hunting dairy cows with a high powered rifle and scope.
Andre Gide~ It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ Her eyes are homes of silent prayers.
Wernher Magnus Maximilian von Braun~ The best computer is a man and its the only one that can be mass-produced by unskilled labor.
Max Frisch~ Technology is a way of organizing the universe so that man doesnt have to experience it.
Laughter is God's sunshine.
Virgil~ Yield not to evils but attack all the more boldly.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.
Within you is the divine capacity to manifest and attract all that you need or desire. -Wayne Dyer
Charles McCabe~ McCabes Law Nobody has to do anything.
Miguel de Unanimo~ Only in solitude do we find ourselves and in finding ourselves we find in ourselves all our brothers in solitude.
Marlene Dietrich~ Its the friends you can call up at four a.m. that matter.
Emerich Edward Dalbert~ The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern. Every class is unfit to govern.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ That was and still is the great disaster of my life-that lovely lovely little boy.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. -Leonardo Da Vinci
It is not our exalted feelings, it is our sentiments that build the necessary home. - Elizabeth Bowen
Publilius Syrus~ Many receive advice few profit by it.
You are what you think about all day long. (Dr. Robert Schuller)
A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
The achievement of your goal is assured the moment you commit yourself to it. - Mack R. Douglas
When fantasy turns you on, you're obligated to God and nature to start doing it right away. -Stewart Brand
C. D. Tavares~ Since when is public safety the root password to the Constitution
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage. -Henry Ward Beecher
Latin Proverb~ It is honourable to be accused by those who deserve to be accused.
Thomas Merton~ It is in the ordinary duties and labors of life that the Christian can and should develop his spiritual union with God.
Equal opportunity means everyone will have a fair chance at being incompetent. -Laurence J. Peter
Anon.~ When I find myself fading I close my eyes and realize my friends are my energy.
Many people spend their health for wealth, and then try to spend their wealth for health. (Mikey)
Kahlil Gibran~ To understand the heart and mind of a person look not at what he has already achieved but at what he aspires to do.
Mark Twain~ By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another mans I mean.
George Bernard Shaw~ You see things as they are and ask Why I dream things as they never were and ask Why not
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. -Ray Kroc
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. -Kahlil Gibran
Hubert Humphrey~ Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law.
Luke Bible~ And Jesus said unto him No man having put his hand to the plough and looking back is fit for the kingdom of God.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Legend a lie that has attained the dignity of age.
Pamela Vaull Starr~ Reach high for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep for every dream precedes the goal.
Eubie~ Be grateful for luck. Pay the thunder no mind - listen to the birds. And dont hate nobody.
Rabindranath Tagore~ Trees are the earths endless effort to speak to the listening heaven.
W. S. Gilbert~ When everyone is somebody then no ones anybody.
Only the winners decide what were war crimes. (Gary Willis)
Helen Gurley Brown~ Never fail to know that if you are doing all the talking you are boring somebody.
William Shakespeare~ Thou shalt be both the plaintiff and the judge of thine own cause.
Laurence J. Peter~ Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.
Every man must some time or other be trusted to himself. -John Locke
Why do we always want to grow up when we're young and be younger when we're old?
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.
Angela White~ Brains are like sponges... If allowed to remain moist for too long they become moldy.
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Charles H. Duell~ Everything that can be invented has been invented.
Austin Powers International Man of Mystery~ Dr. Evil I demand the sum... OF MILLION DOLLARS.
Homer~ There is a time for many words and there is also a time for sleep.
Assyrian Proverb~ You can not write in the chimney with charcoal.
Time is the best teacher; unfortunately it kills all its students!
Woody Allen~ Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Sir Winston Churchill~ The price of greatness is responsibility.
Chinese Proverb~ Man who say it cannot be done should not interrupt man doing it.
To believe what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man. -Mahatma Gandhi
John Ruskin~ Quality is never an accident it is always the result of intelligent effort.
You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.
Joan Klempner~ To achieve the impossible dream try going to sleep.
Christopher Marlowe~ Who ever loved that loved not at first sight
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -Dale Carnegie
Burmese Proverb~ Beware of a mans shadow and a bees sting.
Percy Bysshe Shelley~ Our sweetest songs are those that tell the saddest thoughts.
He who hesitates is probably right. -Bogovich
Will Rogers~ We have the best Congress money can buy.
Pearl Buck~ Some are kissing mothers and some are scolding mothers but it is love just the same.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and consciencious stupidity.
Doing easily what others find difficult is talent; doing what is impossible with talent is genius. -Henri-frederic Amiel
Herbert V. Prochnow~ A great many people mistake opinions for thoughts.
Step by step the ladder is ascended. -George Herbert
Be absolutely clear about who you are and what you stand for. Refuse to compromise. -Brian Tracy
Amanda Cross~ The point of quotations is that one can use anothers words to be insulting.
Jean de la Bruyere~ There are only two ways by which to rise in this world either by ones own industry or by the stupidity of others.
Confucius~ When we see men of a contrary character we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
Toni Cade Bambera~ The dream is real my friends. The failure to realize it is the only unreality.
It is not the relation which is important, but the relationship that is important!
Conan Doyle~ It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible whatever remains however improbable must be the truth.
If people turn to look at you on the street, you are not well dressed. - Beau Brummel
Franois Maurice Mitterrand~ A man loses contact with reality if he is not surrounded by his books.
Seneca~ Delay not swift the flight of fortunes greatest favours.
Andy Warhol~ In the future everyone will be famous for fifteen minutes.
Sophia Loren~ Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work 12 hours a day. -Anonymous
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ Find ecstasy in life the mere sense of living is joy enough.
A heavy burden does not kill on the day it is carried. (Kenyan Proverb)
Heraclitus~ All if flux nothing stays still.
F. M. Hubbard~ Honesty pays but it doesnt seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Demosthenes~ The fact speak for themselves.
Herbert Clark Hoover~ No greater nor more affectionate honor can be conferred on an American than to have a public school named after him.
Hindustani Proverb~ When an elephant is in trouble even a frog will kick him.
William Shakespeare~ O beware my lord of jealousy It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock The meat it feeds on.
Rudyard Kipling~ Every woman knows all about everything.
Shana Alexander~ The sad truth is that excellence makes people nervous.
Francis Quarles~ Be wisely worldly be not worldly wise.
Sophocles~ Wisdom outweighs any wealth.
The only thing that holds a marriage together is the husband being big enough to keep his mouth shut, to step back and see where his wife is wrong
Mort Sahl~ We would have broken up except for the children. Who were the children Well she and I were.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Never esteem anything as an advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self-respect.
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do. -Amelia Earhart
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon must inevitably come to pass. -Paul J Meyer
When once the itch of literature comes over a man, nothing can sure it but the scratching of a pen. -Samuel Lover
Arab Proverb~ After dinner rest after dinner walk a mile.
Will Rogers~ Well all I know is what I read in the papers.
Dbjanski~ Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ It is a socialist idea that making profits is a vice. I consider the real vice is making losses.
Mel Brooks~ If God wanted us to fly He would have given us tickets.
He who angers you conquers you. -Elizabeth Kenny
Jean Giraudoux~ Only the mediocre are always at their best.
Sydney Harris~ Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Carmen Sylva~ Friendship based solely upon gratitude is like a photograph with time it fades.
Agnes Repplier~ It is in his pleasure that a man really lives it is from his leisure that he constructs the true fabric of self.
A candidate is someone who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
We must become the change we want to see. -Gandhi
Anyone who is not a socialist at 16 has no heart, but anyone who still is at 32 has no mind. (Woodrow Wilson).
It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always; this occupation ought to last as long as life. -Christina (Queen of Sweden)
Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted. -Deepak Chopra
Andrew Carnegie~ One of the serious obstacles to the improvement of our race is indiscriminate charity.
Bill Cosby~ The very first law in advertising is to avoid the concrete promise and cultivate the delightfully vague.
Albert Einstein~ If you cant explain it simply you dont understand it well enough.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin~ The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of ones self to others.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton~ Self-development is a higher duty than self-sacrifice.
May Sarton~ In a total work the failures have their not unimportant place.
William Howard Stein~ Keep high aspirations moderate expectations and small needs.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can only as one who has seen its brutality its futility its stupidity.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn... and change. -Carl Rogers
Kitaro Nishida~ If my heart can become pure and simple like that of a child I think there probably can be no greater happiness than this.
Gaius Petronius~ One good turn deserves another.
Self-respect permeates every aspect of your life. -Joe Clark
William Shakespeare~ Tis neither here nor there.
Malayan Proverb~ Dont think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm.
Koran~ And walk not proudly on the earth verily thou shalt never cleave the earth nor reach to the mountains in height
Nancy Astor~ One reason I dont drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.
Johann von Goethe~ Viewed from the summit of reason all life looks like a malignant disease and the world like a madhouse.
Sri da Avabhas~ The mode by which the inevitable comes to pass is effort.
Lawana Blackwell~ Forgiveness is almost a selfish act because of its immense benefits to the one who forgives.
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it. -Unknown Author
Martin Luther King Jr.~ When you are right you cannot be too radical when you are wrong you cannot be too conservative.
B. J. Gupta~ Any activity that adversely affects society is immoral.
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does. -James M Barrie
Samuel Butler~ The advantage of doing ones praising for oneself is that one can lay it on so thick and in exactly the right places.
Tellis Frank~ The worst thing about Europe is that you cant go out in the middle of the night and get a Slurpee.
Homer~ Young mens minds are always changeable but when an old man is concerned in a matter he looks both before and after.
We confide in our strength, without boasting of it; we respect that of others, without fearing it. -Thomas Jefferson
Henry David Thoreau~ The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Francis Bacon~ The man who fears no truths has nothing to fear from lies.
It's always too soon to quit. -Norman Vincent Peale
Albert Camus~ Every revolutionary ends up either by becoming an oppressor or a heretic.
Love is the one word that we use every day, and the one word that words cannot define. (Anna K. Schwartz)
Fran Lebowitz~ Your life story would not make a good book. Dont even try.
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory. -Les Brown
Craig Volk~ The killing was the best part. It was the dying I couldnt take.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ All credibility all good conscience all evidence of truth come only from the senses.
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Edwin P. Whipple~ An epigram often flashes light into regions where reason shines but dimly.
George Eliot~ I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
Laurie Anderson~ Paradise is exactly like where you are right now...only much much better
Blaise Pascal~ Our heart has its reasons that reason cannot know.
John F. Kennedy~ The ignorance of one voter in a democracy impairs the security of all.
Blade~ Frost You may wake up one day and find yourself extinct
Failure is no more fatal than success is permanent.
There is no course of life so weak and sottish as that which is managed by order, method, and discipline. - Paula Poundstone
Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities. -Robert H. Schuller
When in doubt, tell the truth. (Mark Twain)
W. Somerset Maugham~ She had a pretty gift for quotation which is a serviceable substitute for wit.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
Dick Cavett~ Im perplexed when people adopt the modish abbreviation Ms. which doesnt abbreviate anything except common sense.
The reputation of a thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour. -Japanese proverb
Dante Alighieri~ Consider your origin you were not born to live like brutes but to follow virtue and knowledge.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -T. S. Eliot
Louisa May Alcott~ Housekeeping aint no joke.
Arthur C. Clarke~ It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.
Jeffery F. Chamberlain~ In a country as big as the United States you can find fifty examples of anything.
R. A. Butler~ Politics is the art of the possible.
William Faulkner~ Plenty of people miss their share of happiness Not because they never found it But because they didnt stop to enjoy it.
Dan Quayle~ We have a firm commitment to NATO we are a *part* of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a *part* of Europe.
Often attitudes are kindled in the flame of others' convictions. -Louis E. Le Bar
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. -Jim Rohn
Ludwig van Beethoven~ Never shall I forget the times I spent with you continue to be my friend as you will always find me yours.
Jose Ortega y Gasset~ The world is the sum-total of our vital possibilities.
Gore Vidal~ Of ex-President Eisenhower at the Republican convention of Reading a speech with his usual sense of discovery.
General Thomas Jonathon Stonewall Jackson~ Never take counsel of your fears.
Washington Irving~ A kind heart is a fountain of gladness making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ To say the least a town life makes one more tolerant and liberal in ones judgement of others.
Saint Jerome~ The friendship that can cease has never been real.
In a world where there is so much to be done, I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do. -Dorothea Dix
Fulton John Sheen~ Its like being a Knight of the Garter. Its an honor but it doesnt hold up anything.
Lord Chesterfield~ Be wiser than other people if you can but do not tell them so.
No one can make you jealous, angry, vengeful, or greedy - unless you let him. -Napolean Hill
Between whom there is hearty truth, there is love. -Henry David Thoreau
Adventure is worthwhile. -Amelia Earhart
Jewish Proverb~ Dont look for more honor than your learning merits.
Lloyd Douglas~ If a man harbors any sort of fear it ... makes him landlord to a ghost.
Robert Joseph Bob Dole~ When its all over its not who you were. . . its whether you made a difference.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ There is nothing so ridiculous absurd* but some philosopher has said it.
George Bernard Shaw~ England and America are two countries separated by the same language.
Enthusiasm is the yeast that raises the dough. -Paul J. Meyer
Joseph Schumpeter~ The ballot is stronger than bullets.
Shared suffering brings people together faster than anything else does.
This one step - choosing a goal and sticking to it - changes everything. - Scott Reed
Wisdom will keep you from getting into situations where you need it. (Bruce M. Sandbrook)
Some people are molded by their admirations, others by their hostilities. -Elizabeth Bowen
It is the response to error that counts. -Nikki Giovanni
I rather lose a second in my life, than my life in a second.
Looks capture the eyes. Personality captures the heart.
The greatest enemy of best is good. If you're willing to accept good you'll never be the best. -Charles Kaiser, Jr.
Luck never gives; it only lends. -Swedish Proverb
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a dream. -Unknown Author
Margaret Mead~ The mind is not sex-typed.
Order your soul; reduce your wants; live in charity; associate in Christian community; obey the laws; trust in Providence. -St. Augustine
There could be no honor in a sure success, but much might be wrested from a sure defeat. - Thomas E. Lawrence
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ A torn jacket is soon mended but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
The worst men often give the best advice. - Philip James Bailey
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. -Abraham Lincoln
When we direct our thoughts properly, we can control our emotions... -W. Clement Stone
David Assael~ Sometimes its hard to avoid the happiness of others.
Voltaire~ Work saves us from three great evils boredom vice and need.
Aesop~ Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Sir Edward Appleton~ I dont mind what language an opera is sung in so long as it is a language I dont understand.
Anthony DAngelo~ Build your reputation by helping other people build theirs.
Don Marquis~ Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Unknown~ Everyone is entitled to be stupid but some abuse the privilege.
John Wesley~ Make all you can save all you can give all you can.
When placed in command - take charge. -Norman Schwarzkopf
Charles Baudelaire~ It is regrettable that among the Rights of Man the right of contradicting oneself has been forgotten.
Saying remain meaningless until they are embodied in actions. (Kahlil Gibran)
Sir Walter Besant~ The man who listens to Reason is lost reason enslaves all whose minds are not strong enough to master her.
John Harrigan~ People need loving the most when they deserve it the least.
The will of God will never take you to where the grace of God will not protect you.
Charles Augustus Lindbergh Jr.~ If I had to choose I would rather have birds than airplanes.
To cool a hot attitude, apply nice. To melt a cold attitude, address warmly.
I am always willing to learn, however I do not always like to be taught. -Winston Churchill
Unknown~ If it werent for the last minute a lot of things wouldnt get done.
Lady Violet Bonham Carter~ Outer space is no place for a person of breeding.
Herodotus~ How much better a thing it is to be envied than to be pitied.
Kahlil Gibran~ Many a doctrine is like a window pane. We see truth through it but it divides us from truth.
William Shakespeare~ The rest is silence.
Al Capp~ Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Democracy means government by the uneducated while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
Patience and tenacity of purpose are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness. -Thomas Henry Huxley
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future. -Charles F. Kettering
Beranrd Levin~ Ask a man which way he is going to vote and he will probably tell you. Ask him however why and vagueness is all.
Karl Kleinpaste~ Genuinely skillful use of obscenities is uniformly absent on the Internet.
If you don't like the road you're walking, pave another one. (Dolly Parton)
Ronald Reagan~ Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result. (Quoting Churchill)
Carl Sandburg~ Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves spits on its hands and goes to work.
H.L. Mencken~ Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
Plato~ Never discourage anyone...who continually makes progress no matter how slow.
It takes two to quarrel, but only one to end it. - Spanish Proverb
Jackie Wilson~ Take life one basket at a time.
I concede! -Richard Milhous Nixon
Ferdinand I~ Fiat justitia et pereat mundus.Let justice be done though the world perish.
Samuel Goldwyn~ A Hospital is no place to be sick.
H.L. Mencken~ The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
If there were no problems, most of us would be unemployed. -Zig Ziglar
Jerry Coleman~ That noise in my earphones knocked my nose off and I had to pick it up and find it.
George Santayana~ The wisest mind has something yet to learn.
Victor Hugo~ Nothing else in the world...not all the armies...is so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
Unknown~ Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
Mark Twain~ Civilization is a limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessaries.
If you can imagine it,You can achieve it.If you can dream it,You can become it. -William Arthur Ward
Mike Leonard~ Life is too serious to be taken seriously.
Michael McClary~ Irrigation of the land with seawater desalinated by fusion power is ancient. Its called rain.
Do all things with love. -Og Mandino
Confucius~ When anger rises think of the consequences.
John Steinbeck~ It would be absurd if we did not understand both angels and devils since we invented them.
John Lancaster Spalding~ As memory may be a paradise from which we cannot be driven it may also be a hell from which we cannot escape.
When you are down on your back, if you can look up, you can get up. -Les Brown
Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain; again begin this, and thou wilt have finished. -Ausonius
Chinese Proverb~ Forget injuries never forget kindnesses.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
It's not the plan that is important, it's the planning. -Graeme Edwards
Henry Louis Mencken~ The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule.
Mohammed Daud Khan~ I feel the happiest when I can light my American cigarettes with Soviet matches.
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another. -Helen Keller
Miguel de Cervantes~ It is past all controversy that what costs dearest is and ought to be most valued.
Douglas Noel Adams~ You live and learn. At any rate you live.
As clouds are blown away by the wind, the thirst for material pleasures will be driven away by the utterance of the Lord's name. - Sri Sarada Devi
Epicurus~ Death is nothing to us since when we are death has not come and when death has come we are not.
Gerd de Ley~ When the silent majority opens its mouth it is usually to yawn.
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Woody Allen~ There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman
Niels Henrik David Bohr~ Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think.
Edward R. Murrow~ Everyone is a prisoner of his own experiences. No one can eliminate prejudices - just recognize them.
Thomas Babington~ Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely.
Maori Proverb~ Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Edith Wharton~ There are two ways of spreading light to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
And when you have reached the mountain top, then you shall begin to climb. -Kahlil Gibran
Aristotle~ One swallow does not make a summer.
E.W. Howe~ A thief believes everybody steals.
Robert Lloyd~ Slow and steady wins the race.
I'm a meathead. I can't help it, man. You've got smart people and you've got dumb people. - Keanu Reeves
You don't know what you can get away with until you try. -General Colin Powell
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ The Christian ideal has not been tried and found wanting. It has been found difficult and left untried.
Willa Cather~ Where there is great love there are always wishes.
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind. -Rudyard Kipling
Among all human constructions the only ones that avoid the dissolving hands of time are castles in the air. -Frederico de Roberto
Vince Lombardi~ Its not whether you get knocked down its whether you get up.
Dream but always with your eyes wide open.
Laurence J. Peter~ The man who says he is willing to meet you halfway is usually a poor judge of distance.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
Liz Smith~ Begin somewhere you cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.
Optimist: A man who gets treed by a lion but enjoys the scenery. -Walter Winchell
Ted Walters~ Be bold and the mighty will follow.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Not a few who meant to drive out their demons went thereby into the swine themselves.
Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower~ Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake.
Personal power is the ability to take action. -Anthony Robbins
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. -John Barrymore
Milan Kundera~ When the heart speaks the mind finds it indecent to object.
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.' - Erich Fromm
If we learned everything there is to know in kindergarten, it was promptly drummed out of us in first grade. -Peter Mcwilliams
Sir Thomas More~ Whoever loveth me loveth my hound.
William Shakespeare~ Your face is a book where men may read strange matters.
Arab Proverb~ Ask the experienced rather than the learned.
Beauty is an outward gift, which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused. - Edward Gibbon
Marcel Marceau~ Its good to shut up sometimes.
Terence~ What is done let us leave alone.
George Gordon Byron~ Death so called is a thing which makes men weep And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.
Horace~ Carpe diem quam minimum credula postero.Lat. Seize the day put no trust in tomorrow.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Ben Franklin
Common sense is perhaps the most equally divided, but surely the most underemployed, talent in the world. - Christine Collange
It is by what we ourselves have done, and not by what others have done for us, that we shall be remembered in after ages. -Francis Wayland
Unknown~ Every big problem was at one time a wee disturbance.
Howard Newton~ Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy.
Aeschylus~ Death is better a milder fate than tyranny.
Hope is grief's best music. -Unknown Author
Anwar el Sadat~ Most people seek after what they do not possess and are enslaved by the very things they want to acquire.
John C. Maxwell~ Learn to say no to the good so you can say yes to the best.
Duke Ellington~ There are two kinds of worries - those you can do something about and those you cant. Dont spend any time on the latter.
Colette~ You will do foolish things but do them with enthusiasm.
Be an optimist - at least until they start moving animals in pairs to Cape Canaveral. -Unknown Author
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ You can never learn less you can only learn more.
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so. (David Grayson)
Sir Charles Spencer Charlie Chaplin~ In the end everything is a gag.
If you understand something today, it must be obsolete.
Miguel de Unamuno~ Use harms and even destroys beauty. The noblest function of an object is to be contemplated.
George Bernard Shaw~ The fickleness of the women I love is only equalled by the infernal constancy of the women who love me.
Mies van der Rohe~ God is in the details.
Tori Amos~ There is value in everybodys gift. No matter how hard to find or strange it is.
Money is the seed of money. -Jean-jacques Rousseau
Virginia~ One likes people much better when theyre battered down by a prodigious siege of misfortune than when they triumph.
Anna Freud~ I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
David Dean Rusk~ When you solve a problem you ought to thank God and go on to the next one.
Christopher William Bradshaw Isherwood~ Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck a good physique and not too much imagination.
La Rochefoucauld~ For most men the love of justice is only the fear of suffering injustice.
Jane Austen~ Silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way.
Cicero~ The peoples good is the highest law.
Every man knows his follies and often they are the most interesting thing he has got. - G. K. Chesterton
Bhagavad Gita~ Man is made by his belief. As he believes so he is.
Just because a person grows older, it doesn't mean he necessarily grows up.
Jimmy Buffett~ We are the people our parents warned us about.
If a man with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, would it be considered a hostage situation?
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko~ A poets autobiography is his poetry. Anything else can be only a footnote.
It may be those who do most, dream most. -Stephen B. Leacock
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -Edgar Allan Poe
Plato~ False words are not only evil in themselves but they infect the soul with evil.
Mark Twain~ I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting.
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter... how does that work?
Don't believe them who say that they will follow you like your shadow; because shadows disappear in darkness.
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
Mary Catherine Bateson~ The truth that survives is simply the lie that is pleasantest to believe.
William Blackstone~ Law is the embodiment of the moral sentiment of the people.
Zig Ziglar~ You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
It is overdoing the thing to die for love. -French Proverb
Kahlil Gibran~ When you have solved all the mysteries of life you long for death for it is but another mystery of life.
The pen is mightier than the sword. -Bulwer-Lytton
M. Grundler~ It is easy to take liberty for granted when you have never had it taken from you.
Ernest Hemingway~ Time is the least thing we have.
Mark Twain~ Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Zen Proverb~ Sit quiety doing nothing spring comes and the grass grows by itself.
Scott Adams~ Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available they will create their own problems.
Robert G. Ingersoll~ Any doctrine that will not bear investigation is not a fit tenant for the mind of an honest man.
Anon.~ All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
John P. Grier~ The will to believe is perhaps the most powerful but certainly the most dangerous human attribute.
Buddha~ Health is the greatest gift contentment the greatest wealth faithfulness the best relationship.
No good decision was ever made in a swivel chair. -George S. Patton
Mahatma Gandhi~ Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.
The believer is happy; the doubter is wise. -Hungarian Proverb
None will improve your lot if you yourself do not. -Bertolt Brecht
Marie Curie~ Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Faith makes all things possible. Love makes all things easy. Hope makes all things work.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight. - Phyllis Diller
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ The tiger cant change his spots. No wait he did Good for him
Larry Gelbart~ One doesnt have a sense of humor. It has you.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ There is one art of which man should be master the art of reflection.
Woody Allen~ How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world given my waist and shirt size
Christine Lane~ It is the province of knowledge to speak It is the privledge of wisdom to listen.
You can have anything you want in life, you just can't have everything you want. -Peter Mcwilliams
Blaise Pascal~ We are generally the better persuaded by the reasons we discover ourselves than by those given to us by others.
John W. Gardner~ History never looks like history when you are living through it.
Danish proverb~ Where there is love there is pain.
Kabbalah~ The pure impulse of dynamic creation is formless and being formless the creation it gives rise to can assume any and every form.
Selfishness, not love, is the actuating motive of the gallant. - Mme. Roland
Business is like a man rowing a boat upstream. He has no choice; he must go ahead or he will go back. - Lewis E. Pierson
For the child of God, death is when the earth recedes and heaven opens up.
Kathy Seligman~ You cant reach your goals if you dont try.
Jim Davis~ Its amazing what one can do when one doesnt know what one cant do.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ I believe in getting into hot water it keeps you clean.
George Bernard Shaw~ There are two tragedies in life. One is not to get your hearts desire. The other is to get it.
Barbara Sher~ Isolation is a dream killer.
Mark Twain~ When I was younger I could remember anything whether it had happened or not.
Publilius Syrus~ An angry man is again angry with himself when he returns to reason.
Mark Twain~ I was gratified to be able to answer promptly. I said I dont know.
Brigham Young~ Nature is the glass reflecting God as by the sea reflected is the sun too glorious to be gazed on in his sphere.
Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. -Elbert Hubbard
Rainer Maria Rilke~ This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love the more they give the more they possess.
George Chapman~ Young men think old men are fools but old men know young men are fools.
Cornelius Tacitus~ He had a certain frankness and generosity qualities indeed which turn to a mans ruin unless tempered with discretion.
Desiderius Erasmus~ The pleasures which we most rarely experience give us the greatest delight.
Night people: "Anybody who goes to bed the same day they got up is a quitter."
Will Moss~ Love is not blind-It sees more and not less but because it sees more it is willing to see less.
To see your drama clearly is to be liberated from it. -Ken Keyes
Revenge has no more quenching effect on emotions, than salt water has on thirst.
We must wake ourselves up! Or somebody else will take our place, and bear our cross, and thereby rob us of our crown. (William Booth)
Jawaharlal Nehru~ Democracy is good. I say this because other systems are worse.
Richard Willard Armour~ Its all right to hold a conversation but you should let go of it now and then.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ A quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party there is no battle unless there be two.
You can't strengthen the weak by weakening the strong.
The Road Not Taken~ I took the road less traveled by and that has made all the difference.
Ogden Nash~ A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
Henry Adams~ No one means all he says and yet very few say all they mean for words are slippery and thought is viscous.
Sir Philip Sidney~ They are never alone that are accompanied with noble thoughts.
Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take small steps. -Helmut Schmidt
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands. -Clint Eastwood
Write only if you cannot live without writing. Write only what you alone can write. -Elie Wiesel
Joe E. Louis~ I play in the low s. If its any hotter than that I wont play.
Poverty is not the root cause of crime. -Rush Limbaugh
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Meetings are indispensable when you dont want to do anything.
Robert Bringle~ Envy can be a positive motivator. Let it inspire you to work harder for what you want.
Maya Angelou~ Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told Im with you kid. Lets go.
Italian Proverb~ Never let people see the bottom of your purse or of your mind.
Bette Davis~ Without wonder and insight acting is just a trade. With it it becomes creation.
Josh Billings~ There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply.
Marlon Brando~ If theres anything unsettling to the stomach its watching actors on television talk about their personal lives.
God has entrusted me with myself. -Epictetus
Andrew Old Hickory Jackson~ Take time to deliberate but when the time for action arrives stop thinking and go in.
Lawana Blackwell~ Propriety was a rigid master but one that must be obeyed if one wanted to keep a sterling reputation.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. -Plato
Katherine Anne Porter~ Defeat in this world is no disgrace if you fought well and fought for the right thing.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. (Chinese proverb)
Bern Williams~ September tries its best to have us forget summer.
Carl R. Rogers~ The very essence of the creative is its novelty and hence we have no standard by which to judge it.
e e cummings~ Id rather learn from one bird how to sing than to teach ten thousand stars how not to dance.
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision. -Ayn Rand
Jewish Proverb~ Dont be sweet lest you be eaten up dont be bitter lest you be spewed out.
Albert Einstein~ The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Wally Famous Amos~ Life is just a mirror and what you see out there you must first see inside of you.
Charles Simic~ Poetry is an orphan of silence. The words never quite equal the experience behind them.
W. Somerset Maugham~ The important thing was to love rather than to be loved.
Alfred Hitchcock~ There is no terror in the bang only in the anticipation of it.
Laurence J. Peter~ Going to church doesnt make you a Christian any more than going to the garage makes you a car.
Albert Einstein~ The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
The first step to becoming is to will it. -Mother Teresa
Dwight D Eisenhower~ What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - its the size of the fight in the dog.
Socrates~ Think not those faithful who praise all thy words and actions but those who kindly reprove thy faults.
Margaret Fuller~ The especial genius of women I believe to be electrical in movement intuitive in function spiritual in tendency.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute. - Josh Billings
You don't marry someone you can live with; you marry the person with whom you cannot live without.
The mind of man is capable of anything because everything is in it, all the past as well as the future. -Joseph Conrad
Good, better, best; never let it rest till your good is better and your better is best. -Anonymous
E. W. Dijkstra~ The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
Aesop~ The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
God comes to the hungry in the form of food. -Mahatma Gandhi
Imagination rules the world -Napoleon
Sir Laurence Olivier~ Acting is a masochistic form of exhibitionism. It is not quite the occupation of an adult.
Pablo Casals~ The capacity to care is what gives life its most deepest significance.
Dorothy Parker~ Men seldom make passes At girls who wear glasses.
Virgil~ The gates of hell are open night and day Smooth the descent and easy the way.
William Shakespeare~ Virtue and genuine graces in themselves speak what no words can utter.
Caecilius Statius~ He plants trees to benefit another generation.
Humor to a man is like a feather pillow. It is filled with what is easy to get but gives great comfort.
Fulton John Sheen~ Baloney is the unvarnished lie laid on so thick you hate it. Blarney is flattery laid on so thin you love it.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Truth is beautiful without doubt but so are lies.
Aprocrypha~ Let thy speech be short comprehending much in a few words.
Charles Roberts Buxton~ In life as in chess forethought wins.
Thomas Jefferson~ How much pain have cost us the evils which have never happened.
James Thurber~ There is no safety in numbers or in anything else.
John Holt~ The true test of character is not how much we know how to do but how we behave when we dont know what to do.
Bias~ The wise man carries his possessions within him.
William Penn~ Men are generally more careful of the breed of their horses and dogs than of their children.
Unknown~ He was a true friend he stabbed me in the front.
Criticism is prejudice made plausible. -Vladimir Nabokov
You can't prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but can prevent them from building their nest on it.
William Makepeace Thackeray~ I would rather make my name than inherit it.
Confucius~ Learning without thought is labor, lost thought without learning is perilous.
Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. -Larry Bird
Laurence J. Peter~ Fortune knocks but once but misfortune has much more patience.
Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done. - Frederick Douglass
Fats Domino~ A lot of fellows nowadays have a B.A. M.D. or Ph.D. Unfortunately they dont have a J.O.B.
George Bernard Shaw~ He knows nothing and he thinks he knows everything. That points clearly to a political career.
Joe Moore~ Only grown-ups have difficulty with childproof bottles.
William Blake~ When thou seest an eagle thou seest a portion of genius lift up thy head
Hey you, don't tell me there's no hope at all Together we stand, divided we fall. -Pink Floyd
Pythagorus~ No one is free who has not obtained the empire of himself.
Barbara Bush~ Believe in something larger than yourself.
Nelia Gardner White~ Some people just dont seem to realize when theyre moaning about not getting prayers answered that no is the answer.
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
Problems are to the mind what exercise is to the muscles, they toughen and make strong. -Norman Vincent Peale
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ This secret spoke Life herself unto me Behold said she I am that which must ever surpass itself.
Gerald Jampolsky~ Forgiveness means letting go of the past.
Harold S. Geneen~ We must not be hampered by yesterdays myths in concentrating on todays needs.
Samuel Taliaferro Rayburn~ If you want to get along go along.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Every achiever I have ever met says My life turned around when I began to believe in me.
By love serve one another. -Galatians
Anger wishes that all mankind had only one neck; love, that it had only one heart; grief, two tear-glands; and pride, two bent knees
Madeleine LEngle~ A life lived in chaos is an impossibility...
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Long-range planning works best in the short term -Doug Evelyn
Amanda Heggs~ Sometimes I have a terrible feeling that I am dying not from the virus but from being untouchable.
Mark Twain~ If you tell the truth you dont have to remember anything.
Isaac Bashevis Singer~ What nature delivers to us is never stale. Because what nature creates has eternity in it.
Unknown~ Big men become big by doing what they didnt want to do when they didnt want to do it.
Perfecting is our destiny, but perfection never our lot. -C. J. Weber
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ I like Mr Gorbachev we can do business together.
Morarji Ranchhodji Desai~ Self-help must precede help from others. Even for making certain of help from heaven one has to help oneself.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Correction does much but encouragement does more.
Max Beerbohm~ It distresses me this failure to keep pace with the leaders of thought as they pass into oblivion.
Jesus~ Greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friends.
Miguel de Cervantes~ He has an oar in every mans boat and a finger in every pie.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.~ Believe in miracles but dont depend on them.
Benjamin Cardozo~ Opinion has a significance proportioned to the sources that sustain it.
Bill Hoest~ I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
Its not a bug; it's an undocumented feature.
Re-examine all you have been told . . . Dismiss what insults your Soul. -Walt Whitman. - Walt Whitman
Reginald Blyth~ If all men lead mechanical unpoetical lifes this is the real nihilism the real undoing of the world.
Character is made by what you stand for; reputation, by what you fall for. (Robert Quillen)
Everyone leaves footprints in you memory, but the ones that leave footprints in your heart are the ones you will truely remember.
Tod Johnson~ The farther it gets from the bench it was worked on the more real the real world becomes.
Douglas Noel Adams~ Funny how just when you think life cant possibly get any worse it suddenly does.
Francis Bacon~ Believe not much them that seem to despise riches for they despise them that despair of them.
What boots up must come down.
Cyril Northcote Parkinson~ The chief product of an automated society is a widespread and deepening sense of boredom.
A cruel word may wreck a life.
Georges Bernanos~ Hell Madame is to love no longer.
Al McGuire~ I think the world is run by C students.
Grace Murray Hopper~ If its a good idea go ahead and do it. Its much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.
William Blake~ For Mercy has a human heart Pity a human face And Love the human form divine And Peace the human dress.
Johann von Goethe~ All theory dear friend is gray but the golden tree of life springs ever green.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ If I had to live my life over again I would have a different father a different wife and a different religion.
For of all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these: It might have been! -John Whittier
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study. - Francis Bacon
Show class, have pride, and display character. If you do, winning takes care of itself. -Paul Bryant
Arthur Schopenhauer~ Every person takes the limits of their own field of vision for the limits of the world.
You cannot step twice into the same river; for other waters are continually flowing in. -Heraclitus
If you don't know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere. (Henry Kissinger)
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Don't kill the dream - execute it!
Bert Leston Taylor~ A bore is a man who when you ask him how he is tells you.
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. (Benjamin Mays)
If you put good people in bad systems you get bad results. You have to water the flowers you want to grow. -Stephen R. Covey
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough. -Earl Wilson
Television ruins more minds than drugs.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Aldous Huxley~ Consistency is contrary to nature contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead.
Dan Quayle~ Its time for the human race to enter the solar system.
Anthony DAngelo~ Learn not only to find what you like learn to like what you find.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Love grants in a moment what toil can hardly achieve in an age.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are you arent.
Virgil~ It never troubles the wolf how many the sheep may be.
Carl Sagan~ Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Japanese Proverb~ When you have completed of your journey you are halfway there.
Robert Byrne~ Until you walk a mile in another mans moccasins you cant imagine the smell.
David Wilkerson~ Love is not something you feel. Its something you do.
Robert Anthony~ If you are not leaning no one will let you down.
Henry Van Dyke~ Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love to work to play and to look up at the stars.
Woodrow Wilson~ Some Americans need hyphens in their names because only part of them has come over.
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. That's the essence of it. -Vince Lombardi
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Sir Barnett Cocks~ A committee is a cul-de-sac down which ideas are lured and then quietly strangled.
I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation. - Tyra Banks
H. G. Wells~ We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ While theres life theres hope.
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, so get wasted all the time and have the time of your life.
Honore de Balzac~ Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other.
Turkish Proverb~ Patience is the key to paradise.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. -Napoleon Hill
Walt Whitman~ Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons.
I've learned that life is tough, but I'm tougher. - Andy Rooney
Publilius Syrus~ Prosperity makes friends adversity tries them.
Why are there so many people who never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity? -Unknown Author
Men on their side must force themselves for a while to lay their notions by and begin to familiarize themselves with facts. - Francis Bacon
Henny Youngman~ I take my wife everywhere but she keeps finding her way back.
Wess Roberts~ Anyone who doesnt make mistakes isnt trying hard enough.
Oscar Wilde~ Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone elses opinions their lives a mimicry their passions a quotation.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Let not a man guard his dignity but let his dignity guard him.
Swedish Proverb~ The afternoon knows what the morning never suspected.
Golda Meir~ To be or not to be is not a question of compromise. Either you be or you dont be.
Never fear shadows. They simply mean there's a light shining somewhere nearby. -Ruth E Renkel
Napoleon I~ Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
I used to cry for I had no shoes to wear until I saw a man with no feet.
William Law~ Be intent upon the perfection of the present day.
Theodore Roethke~ What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
Bob Ross~ We dont make mistakes here we just have happy accidents. - from the Joy of Painting
Even though a marriage is made in heaven, the maintenance work has to be done here on earth!
Life can be as bitter as dragon tears. But whether dragon tears are bitter or sweet depends entirely on how each man perceives them.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ percent of the balls that dont reach the hole dont go in.
Yiddish Proverb~ Small children disturb your sleep big children your life.
Francois Delsarte~ The object of art is to crystallize emotion into thought and then fix it in form.
Youth is when we are always hunting greener pastures, and middle age is when we can barely mow the one we've got.
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich. -Henry Ward Beecher
Georges Duhamel~ I have too much respect for the idea of God to make it responsible for such an absurd world.
Steven Wright~ Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Golda Meir~ To be successful a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
Dorothy Fields~ Love is the reason for it all.
Tacitus~ It belongs to human nature to hate those you have injured.
Seek always for the answer within. Be not influenced by those around you, by their thoughts or their words. - Eileen Caddy
John Updike~ We are most alive when were in love.
Marriage should be a duet-when one sings, the other claps. -Joe Murray
To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted. -George Kneller
An expert is someone who knows more and more about less and less, until eventually he knows everything about nothing. - Anonymous
Oh, how bitter it is to look into happiness through another man's eyes. - Wilfred T. Grenfell
Aesop~ A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
African Proverb~ If you refuse to be made straight when you are green you will not be made straight when you are dry.
Elaine Agather~ The leadership instinct you are born with is the backbone. You develop the funny bone and the wishbone that go with it.
Cynthia Ozick~ Nothing is so awesomely unfamiliar as the familiar that discloses itself at the end of a journey.
The suspicious parent makes an artful child. -Thomas G Halliburton
Matt Frewer~ Never knock on Deaths door ring the bell and run away Death really hates that
Carolyn Wells~ Actions lie louder than words.
Gertrude Stein~ It takes a lot of time to be a genius you have to sit around so much doing nothing really doing nothing.
Sister Evangelist~ I have one rule-attention. They give me theirs and I give them mine.
Sigmund Freud~ Religion is an illusion and it derives its strength from the fact that it falls in with our instinctual desires.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ Life was meant to be lived and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never for whatever reason turn his back on life.
James Barrett Scotty Reston~ An election is a bet on the future not a popularity test of the past.
William James~ Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
Every man has three characters: That which he exhibits, that which he has, and that which he thinks he has. -Alphonse Karr
Doug Larson~ The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
Anger is costly on the soul, be carefull with what you choose to spend it on. (Bohdan Chreptak)
Half of the world's misery comes from ignorance. The other half comes from intelligence. (Bonar Thompson)
Unknown~ True friendship is like a rose. We cant realize its beauty until it fades.
Samuel Butler~ Arguments are like fire-arms which a man may keep at home but should not carry about with him.
Oscar Wilde~ It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.
Fyodor Dostoevsky~ The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
Jerry Chin~ And when it rains on your parade look up rather than down. Without the rain there would be no rainbow.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. -Fred Allen
Son, your shoes are on the wrong feet. He looked up at her with a raised brow and said: "Don't kid me, Mom. I know they're my feet."
English Proverb~ He that lives in a glass house must not throw stones.
It is important to stay cool, but be sure to not get frostbite.
French Proverb~ Pray pray very much but beware of telling God what you want.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ A persons mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
James Thurber~ It had only one fault. It was kind of lousy.
Harry S Truman~ The only new thing is history we dont know.
Mark Twain~ What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight what counts is the size of the fight in the dog.
The only person whom you really have reason to fear, is yourself. -Langenhoven
Despatch is the soul of business. - Philip Dormer Stanhope, fourth Earl of Chesterfield
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
For the love of God, folks, don't do this at home. - W. Somerset Maugham
What is character but the determination of incident? What is incident but the illustration of character? -Henry James Jr.
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
Jimmy Carter~ We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
Time is our most valuable asset, yet we tend to waste it, kill it and spend it rather than invest it. -Jim Rohn
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists? (Kelvin Throop III)
Martin Luther King Jr.~ A man who wont die for something is not fit to live.
There is more to life than increasing its speed. -Mahatma Gandhi
Henry Ford~ I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what cant be done.
In prosperity, our friends know us; in adversity, we know our friends. -John Churton Collins
The years teach much which the days never knew. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nora Ephron~ If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French Proverb
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
He cannot complain of a hard sentence, who is made master of his own fate. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Millard Fillmore~ It is not strange ... to mistake change for progress.
Christina Georgina Rossetti~ And all the winds go sighing For sweet things dying.
Robert Benchley~ Drawing on my fine command of the English language I said nothing.
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth. -George Sand
Agnes Thornton~ Only a weak mind seeks ultimate answers.
When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place. -Bhagavad Gita
Cesare Pavese~ Every luxury must be paid for and everything is a luxury starting with being in the world.
Love reckons hours for months, and days for years; and every little absence is an age. (John Dryden)
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. -Buddha
Fran Lebowitz~ Stand firm in your refusal to remain conscious during algebra. In real life I assure you there is no such thing as algebra.
Douglas Adams~ The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks dont.
Aristotle~ We are what we repeatedly do.
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel. (on focus). -James Allen
I just want to turn on the light and have it work...I don't want to know where the electricity comes from.
Maurice Masterlinck~ At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future tradition has placed men to guard the past.
English Proverb~ Spread the table and contention will cease.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ All men are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality.
A seminar on time travel will be held in two weeks ago.
W. L. Bateman~ If you keep on doing what youve always done youll keep on getting what youve always got.
To listen to some devout people, one would imagine that God never laughs. - Ghose Aurobindo
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko~ In Russia all tyrants believe poets to be their worst enemies.
Malcolm Forbes~ Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Sir Robert Hutchinson~ Vegetarianism is harmless enough though it is apt to fill a man with wind and self-righteousness.
H.L. Mencken~ To die for an idea it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it would be if men died for ideas that were true
Homer~ A councilor ought not to sleep the whole night through a man to whom the populace is entrusted and who has many responsibilities.
David Borenstein~ Nineties style isnt.
Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life. -William Congreve
Richard Pryor~ I believe in the institution of marriage and I intend to keep trying until I get it right.
Albert Camus~ Do not wait for the last judgment. It takes place every day.
Theodore Roosevelt~ Dont hit at all if it is honorably possible to avoid hitting but never hit soft
Don Marquis~ The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race.
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart. -Arabian Proverb
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ If you have a job without aggravation you dont have a job.
Lewis Carroll~ Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
Harold R. McAlindon~ The quality of an organization can never exceed the quality of the minds that make it up.
Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you. (Robert Fulghum)
Happiness depends upon ourselves. -Aristotle
Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov~ My loathings are simple stupidity oppression crime cruelty soft music.
Erica Jong~ If you dont risk anything you risk even more.
Kahlil Gibran~ The deeper that sorrow carves into your being the more joy you can contain.
You always find something in the last place you look.
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. - Mary Kay Ash
George Smith Patton Jr.~ Accept the challenges so that you may feel the exhiliration of victory.
Unknown~ Just once I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasnt immune to bullets.
Thomas Jefferson~ I find that the harder I work the more luck I seem to have.
Byron J. Langenfeld~ Rare is the person who can weigh the faults of others without putting his thumb on the scales.
C. V. R. Thompson~ Washington is the only place where sound travels faster than light.
Oliver L. North~ I came here to tell you the truth the good the bad and the ugly.
If we are not ashamed to think it, we should not be ashamed to say it. - Marcus T. Cicero
Joan Borysenko~ The question is not whether we will die but how we will live.
Demosthenes~ All speech is vain and empty unless it be accompanied by action.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ Its a dangerous business going out your front door.
J. Mark Wallace~ Life is a continual upgrade.
Good enough never is. -Debbi Field
Sophocles~ Of all human ills greatest is fortunes wayward tyranny.
Beau K. Ly~ In order to become successful you must only promise what you can deliver and deliver more than what youve promised.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer~ To endure the cross is not tragedy it is the suffering which is the fruit of an exclusive allegiance to Jesus Christ.
A kiss can be a comma, a question mark or an exclamation point. That's basic spelling that every woman ought to know. - Mistinguett
We live at the edge of the miraculous. -Henry Miller
Good, better, best; never let it rest till your good is better and your better is best. -Unknown Author
Dicky Barrett~ If it was an overnight success it was one long hard sleepless night.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Everything of importance has been said before by somebody who did not discover it.
Oliver Goldsmith~ Ask me no questions and Ill tell you no fibs.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.~ Dont be reckless with other peoples hearts And dont put up with people that are reckless with yours.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Mark Twain~ Let us so live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
If I had my life to live over I would have sat on the lawn with my children and not worried about grass stains. (Erma Bombeck)
Robert Francis Kennedy~ Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
As no roads are so rough as those that have just been mended, so no sinners are so intolerant as those that have just turned saints.
Marie Leneru~ To succeed is nothing its an accident. but to feel is no doubts about oneself is something very different it is character.
Dorothy Parker~ Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Edwina Currie~ The strongest possible piece of advice I would give any young woman is Dont screw around and dont smoke.
Victor Hugo~ The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity in a girl boldness.
Sren Aaby Kierkegaard~ Dont forget to love yourself.
Baltasar Gracian~ All that really belongs to us is time even he who has nothing else has that.
Unknown~ A friend will know you better in the first minute they see you than your acquaintance will in a thousand years.
People who never do any more than they get paid for never get paid for any more than they do. -Albert Hubbard
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm.
Warren Buffett~ In the business world the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Ovid~ All things may corrupt when minds are prone to evil.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? -Sun Tzu
Katharine Graham~ Once power was considered a masculine attribute. In fact power has no sex.
Why are wise men and wise guys the exact opposites?
Henry Louis Mencken~ No man ever quite believes in any other man.
Henry David Thoreau~ I hear many condemn these men because they were so few. When were the good and the braver every in a majority
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Every dog has his day, unless he loses his tail... then he has a weakend. -June Carter Cash
Ausonius~ If you are a terror to many then beware of many.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is dont run with a wooden stake.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Men use thought only as authority for their injustice and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you did not do than by the ones you did. (Mark Twain)
Mary Webb~ If you stop to be kind you must swerve often from your path.
Voltaire~ Anything too stupid to be said is sung.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao-tzu
Warren G. Harding~ Americas present need is not heroics but healing not nostrums but normalcy not revolution but restoration.
Sallust~ The glory that goes with wealth is fleeting and fragile virtue is a possession glorious and eternal.
You win some, you lose some, you wreck some. -Dale Earnhardt
Sam Walton~ High expectations are the key to everything.
Danish proverb~ Live with wolves and you learn to howl.
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet. -Unknown Author
Aristophenes~ Comedy is allied to justice.
David Hume~ Custom is the great guide of human life.
Andy Warhol~ The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
Carl Sagan~ When you make the finding yourself - even if youre the last person on Earth to see the light - youll never forget it.
Though I am always in haste, I am never in a hurry. -John Wesley
Success does not come to those who wait... and it does not wait for anyone to come to it. -Unknown Author
Real education should educate us out of self into something far finer - into a selflessness which links us with all humanity. - Nancy Astor
Eugene McCarthy~ This is I say the time for all good men not to go to the aid of their party but to come to the aid of their country.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly.
The hand is the cutting edge of the mind. -Jacob Bronowski
Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.
Yugoslav Proverb~ Complain to one who can help you.
Anger is only the will to reform. - Eden Ella
The name is Baud......, James Baud.
Edmund Burke~ The true danger is when liberty is nibbled away for expedients and by parts.
Lazarus Long~ Being intelligent is not a felony but most societies evaluate it as at least a misdemeanor.
Moses Hadas~ This book fills a much-needed gap.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. - French Proverb
Barbara Charline Jordan~ We must exchange the philosophy of excuse - what I am is beyond my control - for the philosophy of responsibility.
Henry Allen~ It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. Encouragement after censure is as the sun after a shower. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Gottfried Reinhardt~ Money is good for bribing yourself through the inconveniences of life.
Wendell Phillips~ Physical bravery is an animal instinct moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
Pearl Sydenstricker Buck~ Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Legal Proverb~ In case of doubt it is best to lean to the side of mercy.
John Bradford~ There but for the grace of God go I.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself; and you will understand what little chance you have trying to change others.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will land among the stars. (Les Brown)
Nature's laws are the invisible government of the earth. (Alfred Armand Montapert)
Conan Doyle~ The case has in some respects been not entirely devoid of interest.
G. M. Trevelyan~ Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
Albert Einstein~ It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Character develops itself in the stream of life.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. -Friedrich Engels
Lenin~ While the State exists there can be no freedom. When there is freedom there will be no State.
Flannery OConnor~ The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?
Give her two red roses, each with a note. The first note says "For the woman I love" and the second, "For my best friend.". - Anonymous
Igor Fyodorovich Stravinsky~ Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end.
Johann von Goethe~ Correction does much but encouragement does more.
Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. (Rita Rudner)
Good timber does not grow with ease. The stronger the wind the stronger the trees. -Williard Marriott
Aristophanes~ You have all the characteristics of a popular politician a horrible voice bad breeding and a vulgar manner.
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage. - D. H. Lawrence
The love of parents for their child is measured by the length they will go to compete with the world for the love of that child.
The possible's slow fuse is lit by the imagination. -Emily Dickinson
Most people are alive in an earlier time, but you must be alive in our own time. - Marshall Mcluhan
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. -Coach Darrel Royal
Friends are like puzzle pieces. If one goes away, that special piece can never be replaced and that puzzle will never be whole again.
John Stuart Mill~ The pupil who is never required to do what he cannot do never does what he can do.
Andre Maurois~ A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt every day.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
Martin Luther~ My heart which is so full to overflowing has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.
There are no big problems, there are just a lot of little problems. -Henry Ford
James Barrett Scotty Reston~ All politics are based on the indifference of the majority.
Benjamin Franklin~ Fish and visitors smell in three days.
that can never be erased. (Gabe Suico)
David Dean Rusk~ The United States is not just an old cow that gives more milk the more its kicked in the flanks.
Jury: Twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer.
What would the world be like without hypothetical situations?
William Shakespeare~ A plague o both your houses
In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. -Albert Camus
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: I did not have time. -Franklin Field
Twitter Noob Lonely :(
Horace~ He will always be a slave who does not know how to live upon a little.
Clarence Darrow~ Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt.
John Milton~ ...A good book is the precious lifeblood of a master spirit embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.
Life is largely a matter of expectation. -Horace
Peter Drucker~ In business school classrooms they construct wonderful models of a nonworld.
Ronnie Lott~ If you can believe it the mind can achieve it.
Terence~ That is true wisdom to know how to alter ones mind when occasion demands it.
Robert J. Kibbee~ The quality of a university is measured more by the kind of student it turns out than the kind it takes in.
There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration. -Marcus T. Cicero
Attitude determines how well you do it.
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses. -Napoleon Hill
Colette~ Total absence of humor renders life impossible.
Robert M. Pirsig~ To live only for some future goal is shallow. Its the sides of the mountain that sustain life not the top.
Sophocles~ A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway
Lee Iacocca~ People want economy and they will pay any price to get it.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words. -Sophocles
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ If you never budge dont expect a push.
Japanese Proverb~ If you believe everything you read better not read.
Anthony Trollope~ Success is the necessary misfortune of life but it is only to the very unfortunate that it comes early.
The greatest foes, and whom we must chiefly combat, are within. - Miguel De Cervantes
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ We make our friends we make our enemies but God makes our next door neighbour.
Any fact is better established by two or three good testimonies than by a thousand arguments. - Nathaniel Emmons
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Darby Conley~ Its hard to take over the world when you sleep hours a day.
Raymond Holliwell~ No matter what we want of life we have to give up something in order to get it.
Marilyn Ferguson~ If the Kings English was good enough for Jesus its good enough for me
Jean de La Fontaine~ Help thyself and God will help thee.
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake? This is commonly misquoted as "You can't have your cake and eat it, too. - John Heywood
A. M. Rosenthal~ It has been our policy not to use obscenities in the paper. Its a harmless little eccentricity of ours.
All paths are the same, leading nowhere. Therefore, pick a path with heart!. -Carlos Castenada
Charles Caleb Colton~ True friendship is like sound health the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
John Locke~ New opinions are always suspected and usually opposed without any other reason but because they are not already common.
Erastus Flavel Beadle~ Half the work that is done in the world is to make things appear what they are not.
Robert Burton~ Hence it is clear how much more cruel the pen is than the sword.
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. -Walt Disney
Menander~ The sword the body wounds sharp words the mind.
Pliny the Younger~ However often you may have done them a favour if you once refuse they forget everything except your refusal.
Yoshimi Ishikawa~ Americans have the will to resist because you have weapons. If you dont have a gun freedom of speech has no power.
Jawaharlal Nehru~ Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you is determinism the way you play it is free will.
H Hahn Blavatsky~ Spirit is living and Life is Spirit and Life and Spirit produce all things but they are essentially one and not two.
Mary Baker Eddy~ Spirit is the real and eternal matter is the unreal and temporal.
Homer~ We are quick to flare up we races of men on the earth.
The sun does not shine for a few trees and flowers, but for the wide world's joy. -Henry Ward Beecher
Bouilly~ Whatever we possess becomes of double value When we have the opportunity of sharing it with others.
I don't know any parents that look into the eyes of a newborn baby and say, "How can we screw this kid up.". -Russell Bishop
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. - Lucanus (Marcus Annaeus Lucan)
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. -Anthony Robbins
Intuition is the source of scientific knowledge. -Aristotle
Orville Wright~ If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true there would be little hope of advance.
Pain makes man think. Thought makes man wise. Wisdom makes life endurable. - John Patrick
Big Daddy Lipscomb~ I just wrap my arms around the whole backfield and peel em one by one until I get to the ball carrier. Him I keep.
Stephen Covey~ If we keep doing what were doing were going to keep getting what were getting.
John Dryden~ Men are but children of a larger growth Our appetites as apt to change as theirs And full as craving too and full as vain.
Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul. -Niccolo Machiavelli
Unknown~ Those who hear not the music. . . think the dancers mad.
French Proverb~ Set a thief to catch a thief.
Publilius Syrus~ A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
Ernest Hemingway~ Auto racing bull fighting and mountain climbing are the only real sports. . . all others are games.
He who chooses the beginning of a road chooses the place it leads to. It is the means that determine the end. -Harry Emerson Fosdick
Jim Palmer~ The only thing Earl Weaver knows about big-league pitching is that he couldnt hit it.
He who laughs last thinks slowest!
Norman Cousins~ The main failure of education is that it has not prepared people to comprehend matters concerning human destiny.
Trade's proud empire hastes to swift decay. - Oliver Goldsmith
If the cops arrest a mime do they tell him that he has the right to remain silent?
Elbert Hubbard~ The reason men oppose progress is not that they hate progress but that they love inertia.
To accomplish something, the first person you have to defeat is yourself.
Edgar Watson Howe~ Instead of loving your enemies treat your friends a little better.
Andrew Carnegie~ The man who dies rich dies disgraced.
Jonathan Swift~ It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into.
Richard R. Grant~ The wisest person is not the one who has the fewest failures but the one who turns failures to best account.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it.
John Keats~ Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul
Wit is educated insolence. (Aristotles)
African Proverb~ It takes a village to raise a child.
Oscar Levant~ I have no trouble with my enemies. But my goddam friends...they are the ones that keep me walking the floor nights.
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Latin Proverb~ Be on your guard against a silent dog and still water.
Upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all. -Alexander the Great
Albert Einstein~ Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Here is the simple but powerful rule... always give people more than they expect to get. -Nelson Boswell
Some fear the dark; I embrace it. It is the only place where my eyes are blind, and my soul wanders freely from the truth of reality. - Laura
Arthur C. Clarke~ Politicians should read science fiction not westerns and detective stories.
William Lloyd Garrison~ I am in earnest - I will not equivocate - I will not excuse - I will not retreat a single inch - and I will be heard.
Two people shorten a road. (Irish Proverb)
Neil Peart~ Luck is when preparation meets opportunity.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Speak clearly if you speak at all carve every word before you let it fall.
Justice without force is powerless. Force without justice is tyrannical. (Blaise Pascal)
Ursula K. LeGuin~ Imagination grows by exercise and contrary to common belief is more powerful in the mature than in the young.
Kathleen Norias~ Just the knowledge that a good book is awaiting one at the end of a long day makes that day happier.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
George Melton~ Of one thing I am certain the body is not the measure of healing - peace is the measure.
Folks who never do any more than they get paid for, never get paid for any more than they do. -Elbert Hubbard
Today, be aware of how you are spending your 1,440 beautiful moments, and spend them wisely. -Unknown Author
Pliny the Elder~ From the end spring new beginnings.
Excellence is rarely found, more rarely valued. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Tom Robbins~ I believe in nothing everything is sacred. I believe in everything nothing is sacred.
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances. -Victor E. Frankl
The best way out is always through. -Robert Frost
Romanian Proverb~ An ass is but an ass though laden with gold.
What soap is for the body, tears are for the soul.
Bertrand Russell~ Fear is I believe a most effective tool in destroying the soul of an individual - and the soul of a people.
It's a dangerous thing to think we know everything. - Jack Kuehler
Ernest Hemingway~ The only thing that can spoil a day is people and if you can keep from making engagements every day has no limits.
Alan Coren~ Democracy consists of choosing your dictators after theyve told you what it is you want to hear.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Money often costs too much.
Giuseppe Mazzini~ The family is the country of the heart.
Thomas Andrew Bailey~ Start a program for gifted children and every parent demands that his child be enrolled.
Ernest Rutherford~ The only possible conclusion that social sciences can draw is some do some dont.
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. -Les Brown
William Butler Yeats~ Education is not the filling of a pail but the lighting of a fire.
Results! Why man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Philip Robinson~ And when the future hinges on the next words that are said Dont let logic interfere believe your heart instead.
Kim Hubbard~ Its what we learn after we think we know it all that counts.
Dorothy L. Sayers~ A facility for quotation covers the absence of original thought.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ The aeroplane has unveiled for us the true face of the earth.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ There is no beautifier of complexion or form or behavior like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us.
William Shakespeare~ Oh that way madness lies let me shun that.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure. -Benjamin Disraeli
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill
William James~ Let everything you do be done as if it makes a difference.
Know yourself and you will win all battles. -Sun Tzu
Nothing endures but change. -Herectilus
Faye Wattleton~ The only safe ship in a storm is leadership.
James A. Autry~ I believe it is the nature of people to be heroes given the chance.
George Eliot~ Some editors are failed writers but so are most writers.
One good thing about being wrong is the joy it brings to others.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Mark Twain~ Always acknowledge a fault. This will throw those in authority off their guard and give you an opportunity to commit more.
Kahlil Gibran~ Yesterday is but todays memory and tomorrow is todays dream.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. -James Joyce
Agnes Repplier~ It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
Ruth Gordon~ Courage is very important. Like a muscle it is strengthened by use.
Professionalism is knowing how to do it, when to do it, and doing it. -Frank Tyger
Sir Winston Churchill~ It is no use saying We are doing our best. You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Henry David Thoreau~ Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Richard Phillips Feynman~ If you thought that science was certain - well that is just an error on your part.
Publilius Syrus~ Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Malice drinks one half of its own poison.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Very little is needed to make a happy life.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -James A. Michener
Belgian Proverb~ Dont make use of anothers mouth unless it has been lent to you.
When man meets an obstacle he can't destroy, he destroys himself. -Ryszard Kapuscinski
Bruce Barton~ Conceit is Gods gift to little men.
One is taught by experience to put a premium on those few people who can appreciate you for what you are. - Gail Godwin
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Chinese Proverb~ In reviling it is not necessary to prepare a preliminary draft.
Success occurs when opportunity meets preparation.
It is better to wear out than to rust out. -Richard Cumberland
Isaac Newton~ Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy.
No sense being pessimistic. It wouldn't work anyway.
Ayn Rand~ I need no warrant for being and no word of sanction upon my being. I am the warrant and the sanction.
If you're in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?
Paxton Blair~ A grownup is a child with layers on.
Saki~ He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death.
Yogi Berra~ It aint over till its over.
Blade~ Blade He makes the weapons I use them.
Discipline without freedom is tyranny. Freedom without discipline is chaos. (Cullen Hightower)
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
The same sun that melts butter hardens clay. (Donald Meyer)
I would rather fail in an attempt at something new and uncharted than safely succeed in a repeat of something I have done. -A. E. Hotchner
Crow The~ Eric Draven Suddenly their came a tapping as of someone gently rapping rapping at my chamber door. You heard me rapping right
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Nothing is there more friendly to a man than a friend in need.
A lasting marriage consists of the 3 C's; Commitment, Communication, Compromise. (Lilly)
W. S. Gilbert~ Things are seldom what they seem skim milk masquerades as cream.
William Shakespeare~ Our remedies oft in ourselves do lie.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free. -Michelangelo
Thomas Paine~ The real man smiles in trouble gathers strength from distress and grows brave by reflection.
Gertrude Stein~ Counting is the religion of this generation it is its hope and its salvation.
William Shakespeare~ In peace theres nothing so becomes a man as modest stillness and humility.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. -Phillips Brooks
Churton Collins~ To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
Georg W. Hegel~ Whatever is reasonable is true and whatever is true is reasonable.
Mary Wilson Little~ There is no pleasure in having nothing to do the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
Geoffrey Holder~ Education begins at home. You cant blame the school for not putting into your child what you dont put into him.
A statesman shears the sheep. A politician skins them.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations. -John Hibben
Order marches with weighty and measured strides. Disorder is always in a hurry. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Christians aren't perfect, they're just forgiven!
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. -Doug Larson
Virginia~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Albert Camus~ Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better.
Andre Gide~ Art is a collaboration between God and the artist and the less the artist does the better.
The world is full of willing people. Some willing to work, the rest willing to let them. (Robert Frost)
William Shakespeare~ Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
Benjamin Franklin~ As we must account for every idle word so must we account for every idle silence.
Seneca~ We should conduct ourselves not as if we ought to live for the body but as if we could not live without it.
Bernard Meltzer~ A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
Sir John Harington~ Books give not wisdome where none was before But where some is there reading makes it more.
Pliny the Younger~ That indolent but agreeable condition of doing nothing.
John B. Bogart~ When a dog bites a man that is not news because it happens so often. But if a man bites a dog that is news.
David Assael~ Be open to your dreams people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
To whom much is given, much is required. -John F Kennedy
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Family love is messy clinging and of an annoying and repetitive pattern like bad wallpaper.
Silence is wise if we are foolish, but foolish if we are wise.
Saul Bellow~ The worst of all deceptions is self-deception.
Arthur Godfrey~ Even if youre on the right track youll get run over if you just sit there.
A man that seeks truth and loves it must be reckoned precious to any human society. - Epictetus
Euripides~ Cowards do not count in battle they are there but not in it.
Plato~ There is no such thing as a lovers oath.
General George Patton~ Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
All the treasure in the world is worthless, unless you have someone to share it with.
Mother Theresa~ If you are successful you may win false friends and true enemies. Succeed anyway.
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't - you're right. -Henry Ford
Bertolt Brecht~ Why be a man when you can be a success
A shot glass of desire is greater than a pitcher of talent. -Andy Munthe
I asked Mom if I was a gifted child...she said they certainly wouldn't have paid for me.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. -Thomas Edison
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened. -Winston Churchill
I always try to go the extra mile at work, but my boss always finds me and brings me back.
Donna Hedges~ Having a place to go - is a home. Having someone to love - is a family. Having both - is a blessing.
With ordinary talents and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. -Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ I love those who yearn for the impossible.
Samuel Johnson~ If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life he will soon find himself left alone.
Thomas Jefferson~ Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very far.
Oswald Spengler~ Socialism is nothing but the capitalism of the lower classes.
Henry Moore~ One never knows what each day is going to bring. The important thing is to be open and ready for it.
Edward Chilton~ Im worried that the universe will soon need replacing. Its not holding a charge.
Today I have grown taller from walking with the trees. -Karl Baker
Wendell Willkie~ The constitution does not provide for first and second class citizens.
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart. (Arab proverb)
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get  only what you are expecting to give. -Katherine Hepburn
Do you want to be safe and good, or do you want to take a chance and be great? -Jimmy Johnson
Cicero~ The first duty of a man is the seeking after and the investigation of truth.
He who treads softly goes far. -Chinese Proverb
Chinese Proverb~ One should be just as careful in choosing ones pleasures as in avoiding calamities.
There are two types of people in this world: those who leave a mark, and others who just leave a stain.
When I do right, no one remembers. When I do wrong, no one ever forgets. -Anonymous
Your aspirations are your possibilities. -Samuel Johnson
E. V. Lucas~ One of the most adventurous things left us is to go to bed. For no one can lay a hand on our dreams.
Edna St. Vincent Millay~ Please give me some good advice in your next letter. I promise not to follow it.
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. (Henry J. Kaiser)
Coward: One who, in a perilous emergency, thinks with his legs. -Ambrose Bierce
Most would rather be ruined by praise than saved by critisism.
Austin OMalley~ A politician is like quicksilver if you try to put your finger on him you will find nothing under it.
Scottish Proverb~ What may be done at any time will be done at no time.
Our backgrounds and circumstances may have influenced who we are, but we are responsible for who we become.
The farther backwards you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see. (Winston Churchill)
Mark Twain~ Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
Edward R. Murrow~ After last nights debate the reputation of Messieurs Lincoln and Douglas is secure.
A good friend see the first tear, catches the second and stops the third.
In places of delight, there are no clocks.
Henry David Thoreau~ Friends do not live in harmony merely as some say but in melody.
Mark Twain~ The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
Kahlil Gibran~ The eye of a human being is a microscope which makes the world seem bigger than it really is.
Jim Rohn~ Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines practiced every day...
Only boring people get bored. (Robin Beyer)
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. -Brian Tracy
Andrew Schneider~ By mid-November I always like to have an extra pounds on me.
Edgar Watson Howe~ When people hear good music it makes them homesick for something they never had and never will have.
You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be. -David Viscott
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ No problem can stand the assault of sustained thinking.
Alexander Pope~ Men must be taught as if you taught them not And things unknown proposed as things forgot.
Izaak Walton~ God has two dwellings one in heaven and the other in a meek and thankful heart.
Donald Foster~ No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
A belief is not merely an idea the mind possesses; it is an idea that possesses the mind. -Robert Bolton
Beware of the fury of the patient man. -John Dryden. - John Dryden
Maya Angelou~ I know why the caged bird sings.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Unless a president can protect the privacy of the advice he gets he cannot get the advice he needs.
William Shakespeare~ Lay on Macduff And damnd be him that first cries Hold enough
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The things taught in colleges and schools are not an education but the means of education.
Latin Proverb~ It is the part of a good shepherd to shear his flock not to skin it.
Sophocles~ Nobody likes the man who brings bad news.
Aristotle~ The roots of education are bitter but the fruit is sweet.
Charles De Gaulle~ I respect only those who resist me but I cannot tolerate them.
Why do we say there is nothing on TV tonight when there obviously is something on?
George Shultz~ The minute you start talking about what youre going to do if you lose you have lost.
Oceans Eleven~ Linus Apparently hes got a record longer than my... well its long.
George Ellis~ Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Steven Wright~ Its a small world but I wouldnt want to paint it.
Rita Rudner~ I got kicked out of ballet class because I pulled a groin muscle. It wasnt mine.
Ask God's blessing on your work, but don't ask him to do it for you. -Dame Flora Robson
Success will not lower its standard to us. We must raise our standard to success. -Randall R. McBride, Jr.
Cato the Elder~ Grasp the subject the words will follow.
In every phenomenon the beginning remains always the most notable moment. -Thomas Carlyle
And what is a man without energy? Nothing - nothing at all. -Mark Twain
Life is like a grammar lesson. You find the past perfect and the present tense.
George Santayana~ Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Who says nothing is impossible, I have been doing nothing for years.
Samuel Smiles~ Life will always be to a large extent what we ourselves make it.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Bill Watterson~ Im not dumb I just have a command of thoroughly useless information.
Jean Anouilh~ Life is a wonderful thing to talk about or to read about in history books - but it is terrible when one has to live it.
Take chances. When rowing forward, the boat may rock. -Chinese proverb
Sigmund Freud~ No man can be happy without a friend nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy.
Alighieri Dante~ Consider that this day neer dawns again.
Sarah Orne Jewett~ Taintt worthwhile to wear a day all out before it comes.
Newt Gingrich~ Were all human and we all goof. Do things that may be wrong but do something.
John Tillotson~ Ignorance and inconsideration are the two great causes of the ruin of mankind.
Edward De Bono~ Removing the faults in a stage-coach may produce a perfect stage-coach but it is unlikely to produce the first motor car.
Sir Thomas Beecham~ A musicologist is a man who can read music but cant hear it.
Jerry Maguire~ Jerry Show me the money
Will Rogers~ If any of us had a child that we thought was as bad as we know we are we would have cause to start to worry.
Does't thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. -Benjamin Franklin
Love is when you don't want to go to sleep because reality is better than a dream.
Laurence J. Peter~ There are two kinds of failures those who thought and never did and those who did and never thought.
Sophocles~ None love the messenger who brings bad news.
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one. The quality of expectations determines the quality of our action.
People see themselves as the center of the universe and judge everything as it relates to them. -Pilgrims
Kin Hubbard~ The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket.
James Russell Lowell~ Mishaps are like knives that either serve us or cut us as we grasp them by the blade or the handle.
Charles De Gaulle~ Diplomats are useful only in fair weather. As soon as it rains they drown in every drop.
Most people of action are inclined to fatalism and most of thought believe in providence. - Honore De Balzac
Horace~ Mingle some brief folly with your wisdom.
Love makes a house a home.
Josef Stalin~ One death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic.
The pictures placed for ornament and use, The twelve good rules, the royal game of goose. - Oliver Goldsmith
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err. - Mahatma Gandhi
Pessimist: One who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both. -Oscar Wilde
Oscar Wilde~ A little sincerity is a dangerous thing and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
Most people would rather die than think; in fact, they do so. -Bertrand Russell
Never leave that till to-morrow which you can do to-day. -Benjamin Franklin
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. -Otto Rank
Voltaire~ ...the safest course is to do nothing against ones conscience. With this secret we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add but when there is nothing left to take away.
The only way to have a friend is to be one. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for fruit on it in autumn. -Hare Charles
Never seek the wind in the field. It is useless to try and find what is gone. (Polish proverb)
Edward R. Murrow~ No one can terrorize a whole nation unless we are all his accomplices.
Don't gripe about your church; if it was perfect, you couldn't be a member.
Confucius~ I am not one who was born in the possession of knowledge I am one who is fond of antiquity and earnest in seeking it there.
As long as I have you there is just one other thing I'll always need - tremendous self control. -Ashleigh Brilliant
J. Robert Oppenheimer~ Any man whose errors take ten years to correct is quite a man.
Nikos Kazantzakis~ The ultimate most holy form of theory is action.
Often he who does too much does too little. -Italian Proverb
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. -Napoleon Hill
French Proverb~ He who survives will see the outcome.
Calvin Trillin~ Health food makes me sick.
Kim Hubbard~ Boys will be boys and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
The valid research for the future is on the inner side, on the spiritual side. -Pilgrims
William Ashley~ More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin~ We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey.
True happiness is not attained through self gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. -Helen Keller
Ernest Hemingway~ Before we take to the sea we walk on land. . . Before we create we must understand. . .
Edward Noyes Westcott~ A reasonable amount o fleas is good fer a dog-keeps him from broodin over bein a dog mebbe.
Chinese Proverb~ The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Elizabeth Kubler-Ross~ There are no mistakes no coincidences. All events are blessings given to us to learn from.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ When you go for a job interview I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges.
If you can't be happy where you are, it's a cinch you can't be happy where you ain't. -Charlie Jones
G. K. Chesterton~ Literature is a luxury fiction is a necessity.
George Wallace~ Why does the Air Force need expensive new bombers Have the people weve been bombing over the years been complaining
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
It's often said that life is strange. But compared to what?. -Steve Forbert
John Rogers~ Grade school is the snooze button on the clock-radio of life.
Alexis Charles Henri Clrel de Tocqueville~ I disapprove of what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them. -H L Mencken
There is no friend as loyal as a book. -Ernest Hemingway
Lucan~ Deep-seated are the wounds dealt in civil brawls.
Robert Orben~ Never raise your hand to your children it leaves your midsection unprotected.
When you subsidize poverty and failure, you get more of both. -James Dale Davidson
Happiness is an expression of the soul in considered actions. -Aristotle
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers. -Voltaire
Brendan Gill~ Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.
David Grayson~ Friendship is neither a formality nor a mode it is rather a life.
Abraham Lincoln~ I dont know who my grandfather was I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ When you get to the end of your rope tie a knot and hang on.
If you decide not to choose then you've already made the wrong choice!
Douglas Adams~ The last time anybody made a list of the top hundred character attributes of New Yorkers common sense snuck in at number .
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ He who would teach men to die would at the same time teach them to live.
I don't agree with a word you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. -Voltaire
Cicero~ We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
Polybius~ Those who know how to win are much more numerous than those who know how to make proper use of their victories.
Jean Webster~ It isnt the great pleasures that count the most its making a great deal out of the little ones.
They [corporations] feel neither shame, remorse, gratitude, nor goodwill. - William Hazlitt
Others can stop you temporarily - you are the only one who can do it permanently. -Zig Ziglar
Plato~ Mankind censure injustice fearing that they may be the victims of it and not because they shrink from committing it.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. -Ralph Nader
He who has no Christmas in his heart will never find Christmas under a tree.
Christina G. Rossetti~ Silence is more musical than any song.
William Shakespeare~ I wish you all the joy you can wish.
To become a thoroughly good man is the best prescription for keeping a sound mind and a sound body. - Francis Bowen
It is impossible to win the race unless you venture to run, impossible to win the victory unless you dare to battle. -Richard DeVos
Robert Anson Heinlein~ Self awareness is NOT just a bunch of amino acids bumping together.
Anon.~ No one is listening until you make a mistake.
George Burns~ Im going to stay in show business until Im the last one left.
The past is like a river flowing out of sight; the future is an ocean filled with opportunity and delight. -Anna Hoxie
We can help others in the world more by making the most of yourself than in any other way. -Earl Nightingale
Carol Burnett~ Are we having fun yet
Matthew Prior~ They always talk who never think.
Frank Herbert~ Ultimately all things are known because you want to believe you know.
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it. -Bunker Hunt
Czech Proverb~ The big thieves hang the little ones.
D. A. Battista~ No one is exempt from talking nonsense the mistake is to do it solemnly.
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching for what it gets. - Henry Ford
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ A man who does not know foreign language is ignorant of his own.
Our truest life is when we are in our dreams awake. -Henry David Thoreau
Jerry Coleman~ Ron Guidry is not very big maybe pounds but he has an arm like a lion.
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James McNeill Whistler
Lady Nancy Astor~ I married beneath me. All women do.
Lillian Smith~ To believe in something to yet proved and to underwrite it with our lives it is the only way we can leave the future open.
William Orville Douglas~ Common sense often makes good law.
Life is full of obstacle illusions. -Grant Frazier
Muhammad Ali~ The man who has no imagination has no wings.
Chuang-tzu~ Great wisdom is generous petty wisdom is contentious. Great speech is impassioned small speech cantankerous.
There are days when it takes all you've got just to keep up with the losers. (Robert Orben)
The brilliant chief, irregularly great, Frank, haughty, rash - the Rupert of debate. - Edward George Earle Lytton Bulwer-Lytton
Wise men still seek Him today. - Dan Bell
We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance. -Japanese proverb
Wealth buys leisure, but not wisdom.
Some have the wisdom of old age and the energy of youth. Most have the wisdom of youth, and the energy of old age.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The best fortune that can fall to a man is that which corrects his defects and makes up for his failings.
Jerry Coleman~ Thats Hendricks th home run. One more and he reaches double figures.
Why do the sick people have to walk all the way to the back of the pharmacy for medicine when cigarettes can be purchased at the front door?
B. J. Gupta~ Exploit or get exploited.
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world. -Shakespeare
George Gordon Byron~ Cervantes smiled Spains chivalry away A single laugh demolished the right arm Of his country.
Alexandre Dumas~ All generalizations are dangerous even this one.
Miguel de Cervantes~ All is not gold that glitters.
My eyes may be closed, but my mind is not asleep.
Hal Lancaster~ Getting fired is natures way to telling you that you had the wrong job in the first place.
William Carlos Williams~ In summer the song sings itself.
Anais Nin~ We dont see things as they are we see things as we are.
Flower A. Newhouse~ Lack of will power has caused more failure than lack of intelligence or ability.
Computers are a more fun way to do the same work you'd have to do without them.
Heraclitus~ We are most nearly ourselves when we achieve the seriousness of the child at play.
Henry Louis Mencken~ ...the basic delusion that men may be governed and yet be free.
Salvador Dali~ The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. -Carl W. Buechner
Woody Allen~ Should I marry W. Not if she wont tell me the other letters in her name.
Lou Holtz~ Youre never as good as everyone tells you when you win and youre never as bad as they say when you lose.
Lin Yutang~ If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner you have learned how to live.
Howard Thurman~ Follow the grain in your own wood.
Sign at a crematorium: Urn more. Pay less.
Jeannette Rankin~ You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
Learn to see, and then you'll know that there is no end to the new worlds of our vision. -Carlos Castaneda
Falling in love is awfully simple. Falling out of love is simply awfull.
M. Kathleen Casey~ Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Moses Hasid~ Reprimand not a child immediately on the offence. Wait till the irritation has been replaced by serenity.
Eddie Rickenbacker~ Courage is doing what youre afraid to do. There can be no courage unless youre scared.
It's not the hours you put in, but what you put into the hours that count. -E James Rohn
Anton Chekhov~ We shall find peace. We shall hear the angels we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
There's nobody "out there." It's all in here. -Mal Pancoast
Until you value yourself, you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it. -M. Scott Peck
The only discipline that lasts is self-discipline. -Bum Phillips
Socrates~ I know that I am intelligent because I know that I know nothing.
Business dispatched is business well done, But business hurried is business ill done. - Edward George Bulwer
Lewis B. Frumkes~ How to Raise your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
About the time we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. -Herbert Hoover
Laurence J. Peter~ Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents shortcomings.
Lenny Bruce~ When you are eight years old nothing is any of your business.
Mark Twain~ Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Horse racing is animated roulette. ~ Roger Kahn
Materialism is buying things we don't need, with money we don't have, to impress people who don't matter.
Never be unfaithful to a lover, except with your wife. - Satchel Paige
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity. -Louis Pasteur
Paul Kantner~ If you can remember anything about the sixties you werent really there.
True friendship comes when silence between two people is comfortable.
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting. -Vincent Van Gogh
Cicero~ There is nothing so ridiculous but some philosopher has said it.
Walt Disney~ If you can dream it you can do it.
It's important to me that money not be important to me. -Les Brown
Never confuse having a career with having a life.
Ferdinand Foch~ A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost.
Use what talents you possess; The woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
H.L. Mencken~ Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard.
Guillaume Apollinaire~ Come to the edgeHe said. They said We are afraid.Come to the edgeHe said. They came.He pushed them andthey flew...
Dazed and Confused~ Pink All Im saying is that if I ever start referring to these as the best years of my life - remind me to kill myself.
Sir John Lubbock~ What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
John Heywood~ Would ye both eat your cake and have your cakeThis is commonly misquotes as You cant have youre cake and eat it too.
Anon.~ LSD melts your mind not in your hand.
Louis~ Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ Dont judge a man by his opinions but what his opinions have made of him.
W. J. Cameron~ The last dejected effort often becomes the winning stroke.
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one is to blame. -Erica Jong
Quality is everyone's responsibility. -W. Edwards Deming
John F. Kennedy~ Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
Mohammad~ Flowers feed the soul.
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself - so always think positively. -Norman Vincent Peale
The woman who thinks no man is good enough for her may be right.... But she is more often left.
Carl Schurz~ Our country right or wrong. When right to be kept right when wrong to be put right.
Buddha~ Let a man avoid evil deeds as a man who loves life avoids poison.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. -Kahlil Gibran
Sir Theodore Martin~ Work is the true elixir of life. The busiest man is the happiest man.
Harold Ross~ If you cant be funny be interesting.
Ferris Buellers Day Off~ Ferris I asked for a car I got a computer. Hows that for being born under a bad sign
Will Rogers~ What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds.
Vladimir Nabokov~ I think it is all a matter of love the more you love a memory the stronger and stranger it is.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. -Henry David Thoreau
What do you call a woman with one leg? - Ilene
Carlos Fuentes~ What the United States does best is to understand itself. What it does worst is understand others.
Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you. -Jerry Gillies
Anger blows out the lamp of the mind. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Terry Josephson~ Theres no I in TEAM.
Arab Proverb~ Dwell not upon thy weariness thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire.
Doris Mortman~ Until you make peace with who you are youll never be content with what you have.
George Bernard Shaw~ Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.
Henry Louis Mencken~ We are here and it is now. Further than that all human knowledge is moonshine.
Gene Roddenberry~ The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity.
True friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. False friends are like autumn leaves, scattered everywhere.
Today I live in the quiet, joyous expectation of good. -Ernest Holmen
Cicero~ No one can speak well unless he thoroughly understands his subject.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.
James Oppenheim~ The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance the wise grows it under his feet.
Karl Barth~ It is always the case that when the Christian looks back he is looking at the forgiveness of sins.
Tryon Edwards~ Between two evils choose neither between two goods choose both.
La Rochefoucauld~ Some disguised deceits counterfeit truth so perfectly that not to be taken in by them would be an error of judgment.
Sir Richard Steele~ Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov~ When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease that means it cannot be cured.
Love was not put in your heart to stay. Love is not love until you give it away.
We listened to what our customers wanted and acted on what they said. Good things happen when you pay attention. -John F. Smith
Anthony DAngelo~ If you believe that discrimination exists it will.
Only those things are beautiful which are inspired by madness and written by reason. -Andre Gide
George Santayana~ Music is essentially useless as life is but both have an ideal extension which lends utility to its conditions.
Gen. William Sherman~ If nominated I will not run if elected I will not serve.
Malcolm Muggeridge~ Surely the glory of journalism is its transience.
Epictetus~ First learn the meaning of what you say and then speak.
George Santayana~ Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
Ru Paul~ Youre born naked the rest is drag.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year. -Franklin P. Adams
Havelock Ellis~ The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.
The man who does not work for the love of work but only for money is not likely to make money nor find much fun in life. -Charles Schwab
Horace~ Whatever your advice make it brief.
Daniel Defoe~ Justice is always violent to the party offending for every man is innocent in his own eyes.
Luck favors the mind that is prepared. -Louis Pasteur
Sallust~ Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
Dr.~ I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - its apathy.
Henrik Ibsen~ A community is like a ship everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
The quest for beauty is a quest for love.
John Morley~ Where it is duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat.
No man is rich enough to buy back his past. (Oscar Wilde)
Robert Louis Stephenson~ I know what pleasure is for I have done good work.
Plato~ Thinking The talking of the soul with itself.
I can alter my life by altering the attitude of my mind. -Anonymous
Michel de Montaigne~ Even on the highest throne in the world we are still sitting on our ass.
Andr Gide~ One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Anon.~ Philosophy is a study that lets us be unhappy more intelligently.
Henry David Thoreau~ What does education often do It makes a straight-cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
Out of need springs desire, and out of desire springs the energy and the will to win. -Denis Waitley
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. -Robert Schuller
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history in every culture is the story of Popeye.
Rudolf Virchow~ The task of science is to stake out the limits of the knowable and to center consciousness within them.
William Westmoreland~ The military dont start wars. Politicians start wars.
Leaders must invoke an alchemy of great vision. -Henry Kissinger
Albert Einstein~ Imagination is more important than knowledge...
Rudyard Kipling~ What you do when you dont have to determines what you will be when you can no longer help it.
Anon.~ Real programmers dont comment their code. If it was hard to write it should be hard to understand.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Laurie got offended that I used the word puke. But to me thats what her dinner tasted like.
James Thurber~ It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers.
Walt Disney~ Its kind of fun to do the impossible.
Francis Bacon~ It is a secret both in nature and state that it is safer to change many things than one.
La Rochefoucauld~ However rare true love may be it is less so than true friendship.
Behind every able man, there are always other able men. -Chinese Proverb
Clifton Fadiman~ For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
If you can't sleep, don't count sheep. Talk to the Shepherd.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit on his hands hoist the black flag and begin slitting throats.
David Lloyd George~ Dont be afraid to take a big step. You cant cross a chasm in two small jumps.
Frank Moore Colby~ Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
The only justification for ever looking down on someone is to lift them up. (Jesse Jackson)
Margaret Fuller~ There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you its going to be a butterfly.
Cato the Elder~ I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue than why I have one.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game. -Anonymous
Show a little bit of your anger everyday instead of showing a lot of it on one day.
Paula Poundstone~ The wages of sin are death but by the time taxes are taken out its just sort of a tired feeling.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus~ Out of the frying pan into the fire.
Ted Rall~ Close friends love you for who you are not what they want you to be.
Time heals nothing, it merely re-arranges our memory. (Gary Numan)
Homer~ The outcome of the war is in our hands the outcome of words is in the council.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail. -Gore Vidal
Benjamin Franklin~ Fear God and your enemies will fear you.
W. Somerset Maugham~ There are three rules for writing the novel. Unfortunately no one knows what they are.
The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives. - Robert Maynard Hutchins
Biblical Proverb~ Dont run too far you will have to return the same distance.
We make our fortunes and we call them fate. -Benjamin Disraeli
There is only one success-to be able to live your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
Charles Dickens~ Train up a fig tree in the way it should go and when you are old sit under the shade of it.
Chinese Proverb~ A book is like a garden carried in the pocket.
Publilius Syrus~ Money alone sets all the world in motion.
Oprah Winfrey~ Become the change you want to see - those are words I live by.
Peter Ustinov~ Her virtue was that she said what she thought her vice that what she thought didnt amount to much.
Clarence Darrow~ None meet life honestly and few heroically.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
A business with an income at its heels. - William Cowper
Lenin~ A lie told often enough becomes truth.
Ene Riisna~ A friend is someone who makes me feel totally acceptable.
Johnny Carson~ Only lie about the future.
Oscar Wilde~ We have really everything in common with America nowadays except of course language.
Never discourage anyone... who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato
Virginia~ These are the souls changes. I dont believe in ageing. I believe in forever altering ones aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism.
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best. -George Eliot
Anthony Robbins~ It is in your moments of decision that your life is shaped. Develop your decision-making muscles.
Life is a play. It's not its length, but its performance that counts. -Seneca
Information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, wisdom is not truth, truth is not beauty, beauty is not love. -Unknown. - Unknown
Greek Proverb~ To deceive a diplomat speak the truth he has no experience with it.
I am bigger than anything that can happen to me. -Charles F. Lummis
A pilgrim is a wanderer with purpose. -Pilgrims
Whattttt! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
Nadine Gordimer~ Power is something of which I am convinced there is no innocence this side of the womb.
In adversity, remember to keep an even mind. -Horace
Philippians Bible~ Look not every man on his own things but every man also on the things of others.
To desire is to obtain; to aspire is to achieve. -James Allen
Swami Sivanada~ Put your heart mind intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Out of suffering comes creativity. You cannot spell painting without pain. -John Lithgow in Third Rock From the Sun
George Barrell Cheever~ Faith in tomorrow instead of Christ is Satans nurse for mans perdition.
There is truth in humor, but not humor in truth.
Pablo Picasso~ Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let her sleep.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ It is said that God is always on the side of the heaviest battalions.
Euripides~ Light be the earth upon you lightly rest.
New and improved: if it's new it's not improved; if it's improved it's not new.
It is a shameful thing to be weary of inquiry when what we search for is excellent. - Marcus T. Cicero
This Is Spinal Tap~ Nigel Its like how much more black could this be and the answer is none. None more black.
John Walter~ How frequently the last time comes and we do not know.
Adventure is not outside man; it is within. -David Grayson
W. C. Fields~ Last week I went to Philadelphia but it was closed.
You make mistakes. Mistakes don't make you. -Maxwell Maltz
Evaluate what you want - because what gets measured, gets produced. -James A. Belasco
Margaret of Valois~ In love as in war a fortress that parleys is half taken.
The distance is nothing; it's only the first step that is difficult. -Marquise du Deffand
I feel like a micro cog in a macrocosm. -Mary Guyette
Margaret Millar~ Most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of witnesses.
The cobwebs are gone.
Mel Brooks~ Thats it baby when you got it flaunt it.
Nothing requires a greater effort of thought than arguments to justify the rule of non-thought. - Milan Kundera
Robert Byrne~ Doing a thing well is often a waste of time.
Unknown~ In our daily lives we must see That it is not happiness that makes us grateful But the gratefulness that makes us happy.
Juvenal~ All wish to possess knowledge but few comparatively speaking are willing to pay the price.
Dan Quayle~ Public speaking is very easy.
Havelock Ellis~ The more rapidly a civilization progresses the sooner it dies for another to rise in its place.
Laertius Diogenes~ All things are in common among friends.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ The wise only possess ideas the greater part of mankind are possessed by them.
Albert Einstein~ Everything should be made as simple as possible but not one bit simpler.
Andre Maurois~ In literature as in love we are astonished at what is chosen by others.
Bruce Lee~ Ideas are the beginning of all achievement.
Becky Alunan~ Trying to be normal is the greatest abnormality in the world.
Every great achievement is the victory of a flaming heart. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The louder he talked of his honor the faster we counted our spoons.
La Rochefoucauld~ Everyone complains of his memory none of his judgment.
A. Sachs~ Death is more universal than life everyone dies but not everyone lives.
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Lao Tzu
Mark Twain~ Suppose you were an idiot and suppose you were a member of congress but I repeat myself.
Anon.~ Whom computers would destroy they must first drive mad.
William Makepeace Thackeray~ A good laugh is sunshine in a house.
Frederick Sherwood Dunn~ Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice only the willingness to make it when necessary.
He has Van Gogh's ear for music.
Five things constitute perfect virtue: gravity, magnanimity, earnestness, sincerity and kindness. -Confucius
H.L. Mencken~ Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Art for arts sake makes no more sense than gin for gins sake.
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it. -Sydney Harris
Only mediocrity can be trusted to be always at its best. -Sir Max Beerbohm
William Strong~ The only time you dont fail is the last time you try anything - and it works.
It is more shameful to mistrust one's friends than to be deceived by them. -La Rochefoucauld
John Wesley~ There is no such thing as a solitary Christian.
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable, procures success to the weak, and esteem to all. -George Washington
If it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul. -William Shakespeare
Voltaire~ Appreciation is a wonderful thing It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
e e cummings~ Im living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.
William Gibson~ The future is here. Its just not widely distributed yet.
Wayne W Dyer~ When you live on a round planet theres no choosing sides.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ If there were no God it would be necessary to invent him.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.
The true perfection of man lies not in what man has, but in what man is. -Oscar Wilde
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. -Ambrose Bierce
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me. -Jim Valvano
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. -Charles W. Chesnutt
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is? -Frank Scully
Richard Milhous Nixon~ This is the greatest week in the history of the world since the Creation. (Saluting crew of the Apollo )
William Bridges~ Genuine beginnings begin within us even when they are brought to our attention by external opportunities.
We confess to little faults only to persuade ourselves that we have no great ones. (La Rochefoucauld)
Danish proverb~ If you want to be respected you must respect yourself.
Geoffrey F. Albert~ One whos our friend is fond of us one whos fond of us isnt necessarily our friend.
Lao Tzu~ When armies are mobilized and issues are joined The man who is sorry over the fact will win.
Frank Zappa~ Rock journalism is people who cant write interviewing people who cant talk for people who cant read.
Walt Disney~ I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman Ive ever known.
Email returned to sender - insufficient voltage.
Theodore Roosevelt~ The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.
Hitch your wagon to a star. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth. - Richard Baker
Mary Tyler Moore~ Pain nourishes courage. You cant be brave if youve only had wonderful things happen to you.
The gambler is a moral suicide. ~ Charles Caleb Colton
Hesiod~ If thou shouldst lay up even a little upon a little and shouldst do this often soon would even this become great.
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success. -Zig Ziglar
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination. -Fitzhugh Dodson
believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail. -William Faulkner
Socrates~ Only the extremely ignorant or the extremely intelligent can resist change.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A good intention clothes itself with power.
Wise people always think wisely and never otherwise !. - Bhalchandra
Dorothy Rothschild Parker~ The sweeter the apple the blacker the core. Scratch a lover and find a foe
Chinese Proverb~ If heaven made him earth can find some use for him.
Zeno~ The goal of life is living in agreement with nature.
Sheila M. Kelly~ The first time you do the impossible it may take a little longer.
Paul Erlich~ The first rule to tinkering is to save all the parts.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ You can give without loving but you can never love without giving.
E. D. Hulse~ Humility is a strange thing. The minute you think youve got it youve lost it.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ Weep for the lives your wishes never led.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. -Abraham Lincoln
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ We do not quite forgive a giver. The hand that feeds us is in some danger of being bitten.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox~ Love much. Earth has enough of bitter in it.
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less -Rabbi Julius Gordon
Carl Sandburg~ Nothing happens unless first a dream.
Patience is the silken cord on which are strung the pearls of virtue.
Ann Landers~ Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work so most people dont recognize them.
Nadine Stair~ If I had my life to live over... Id dare to make more mistakes next time.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning~ Whoso loves believes the impossible.
Aldous Huxley~ Death Its the only thing we havent succeeded in completely vulgarizing.
Jerry Flint~ Competition is a painful thing but it produces great results.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The reason why all men honor love is because it looks up and not down aspires and not despairs.
The most prepared are the most dedicated. -Raymond Berry
William Paley~ A large part of virtue consists in good habits.
Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason. -Ayn Rand
Chinese Proverb~ Sour sweet bitter pungent all must be tasted.
Noah Gallagher~ I have to be myself I cant be no one else...
What great things would you attempt if you knew you could not fail. -Robert Schuller
Arnold Glasgow~ The fewer the facts the stronger the opinion.
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko~ Poetry is like a bird it ignores all frontiers.
Hasidic Saying~ The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. (Goethe)
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
We judge a man's wisdom by his hope. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner. -Les Brown
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Edison
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Punctuality is the thief of time.
Robert Townsend~ When you get right down to it one of the most important tasks of a leader is to eliminate his peoples excuse for failure.
Mark Twain~ Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions.
Joseph Roux~ Our experience is composed rathery of illusions that of wisdom acquired.
Larry McMurtry~ Incompetents invariably make trouble for people other than themselves.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Let every man mind his own business.
Habit never goes Because if you remove H Abit remains, If you remove A Bit remains, If you remove B It still remains
Love means never having to say you're sorry. - Erich Segal
Andrew A. Rooney~ I just wish we knew a little less about his urethra and a little more about his arms sales to Iran.
There are some people who knock the pyramids because they don't have elevators. - Jim Ferree
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. -Heraclitus
Herb Caen~ I tend to live in the past because most of my life is there.
Truman Capote~ Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Joe Martin~ If it werent for my lawyer Id still be in prison. It went a lot faster with two people digging.
Paul Sweeney~ You know when youve read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend.
There is a pill for every ill, and a bill for every pill.
Dorothy Sarnoff~ Make sure you have finished speaking before your audience has finished listening.
Thomas Huxley~ If a little knowledge is dangerous where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger.
Thomas Carlyle~ Enjoy things which are pleasant that is not the evil it is the reducing of our moral self to slavery by them that is.
You could afford your house without the government-if it weren't for the government. -Rush Limbaugh
All, as they say, that glitters is not gold. - John Dryden
Bob Hope~ A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you dont need it.
It is better to err on the side of daring than the side of caution. -Alvin Toffler
Henry Louis Mencken~ Every man is his own hell.
Language is the dress of thought. (Johnson)
Michael Sinz~ Programming is like sex one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
Marcel Marceau~ Do not the most moving moments of our lives find us all without words
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up. -Vince Lombardi
Mother Theresa~ Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakens. -Carl Jung
Benjamin Franklin~ Creditors have better memories than debtors.
A. J. Liebling~ I can write better than anybody who can write faster and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
Sam Levenson~ Lead us not into temptation. Just tell us where it is well find it.
Benjamin Franklin~ I know not which lives more unnatural lives obeying husbands or commanding wives.
You can't measure the heart of a champion. -Anonymous
Hyman Rickover~ It is necessary for us to learn from others mistakes. You will not live long enough to make them all yourself.
Anon.~ COFFEE.EXE missing. Insert cup and press any key.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ I never believed in trying to do anything. Whatever I set out to do I found I had already accomplished.
Oprah Winfrey~ We are each responsible for our own life - no other person is or even can be.
Pablo Picasso~ Accidents try to change them-its impossible. The accidental reveals man.
Johann von Goethe~ He who seizes the right moment is the right man.
Man's biggest mistake is to believe that he's working for someone else. -Nashua Cavalier
Paul Jones~ It seems to be a law of nature inflexible and inexorable That those who will not risk cannot win.
Clarence Buddinton Kelland~ My father didnt tell me how to live he lived and let me watch him do it.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
All things make sense; you just have to fathom how they make sense. - Piers Anthony
Jewish Proverb~ God could not be everywhere and therefore he created mothers.
Precious is the parrot who is trained by a clean tongue.
James X. Mullen~ Freedom is being able to live with the consequences of your decisions.
Anthony Robbins~ What people CAN do is very different from what they WILL do.
Gerald W. Johnson~ No man was ever endowed with a right without being at the same time saddled with a responsibility.
Truth is not determined by majority vote. (Doug Gwyn)
The best things in life aren't things. -Art Buchwald
Clare Booth Luce~ You see few people here in America who really care very much about living a Christian life in a democratic world.
Take time to laugh, for it is the music of the soul.
Victor Hugo~ Genius is a promontory jutting out of the infinite.
Abigail Adams~ Learning is not attained by chance it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Reflect upon your blessings, of which every man has plenty, not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. -Charles Dickens
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. (Chinese proverb)
If the church wants a better pastor, it only needs to pray for the one it has.
Mark Twain~ All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure.
Terry Goodkind~ No one ever goes into battle thinking God is on the other side.
Ruth Gordon~ To be somebody you must last.
French Proverb~ He that does not ask will never get a bargain.
Henry James~ Three things in human life are important the first is to be kind the second is to be kind and the third is to be kind.
Plato~ Friends have all things in common.
Linnaeus~ Nature does not proceed by leaps.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Guard your honor. Let your reputation fall where it will. And outlive the bastards.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body.
Hermann Hesse~ If you hate a person you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isnt part of ourselves doesnt disturb us.
James Russell Lowell~ It is not the insurrections of ignorance that are dangerous but the revolts of the intelligence.
David Viscott~ To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
Michael J. Fox~ Ones dignity may be assaulted vandalized and cruelly mocked but cannot be taken away unless it is surrendered.
Nothing is more effective than sincere, accurate praise, and nothing is more lame than a cookie-cutter compliment. -Bill Walsh
Remember you are just an extra in everyone else's play. - Stewart Emery
Andrew Schneider~ Trees like to have kids climb on them but trees are much bigger than we are and much more forgiving.
Donnie Brasco~ Lefty A wise guys always right even when hes wrong hes right.
Lord Jeffery~ A good name like good will is got by many actions and lost by one.
G. Campbell Morgan~ The Jesus that men want to see is not the Jesus they really need to see.
Gerald N. Weiskott~ The greatest failure is a person who never admits that he can be a failure.
Edmund Burke~ There is a boundary to mens passions when they act from feelings but none when they are under the influence of imagination.
Alexandre Dumas~ I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish. The wicked sometimes rest.
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in! - H.r. Haldeman
Oscar Wilde~ America had often been discovered before Columbus but it had always been hushed up.
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale. - Arthur C. Clarke
I look upon every day to be lost, in which I do not make a new acquaintance. -Samuel Johnson
Expect your every need to be met. Expect the answer to every problem, expect abundance on every level. -Eileen Caddy
William Safire~ Is sloppiness in speech caused by ignorance or apathy I dont know and I dont care.
Doomed are the hotheads! Unhappy are they who lose their cool and are too proud to say, I'm sorry. -Robert H. Schuller
Miguel de Cervantes~ When the head aches all the members partake of the pain.
Bruce Grocott~ I have long been of the opinion that if work were such a splendid thing the rich would have kept more of it for themselves.
Naguib Mahfouz~ Happy is he who can give himself up.
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality. -Earl Nightingale
Poverty is a condition with but one advantage, it doesn't take much to improve your lot.
I had dreams and I've had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams.
Unknown~ He who loses faith loses all.
Buddha~ Endurance is one of the most difficult disciplines but it is to the one who endures that the final victory comes.
A leader is a person you will follow to a place you wouldn't go by yourself. -Joel Arthur Barker
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
A. Whitney Brown~ Im not a vegetarian because I love animals. Im a vegetarian because I hate plants.
E. L. Doctorow~ Its like driving a car at night. You never see further than your headlights but you can make the whole trip that way.
Nine-tenths of wisdom consists in being wise in time. - Theodore Roosevelt
Robert Lee Bedker~ We were so close to being one of the actual victems. It makes you feel humble.
Spanish Proverb~ Whoever gossips to you will gossip about you.
Everybody on a championship team doesn't get publicity, but everyone can say he's a champion. -Earvin Magic Johnson
Edmund Burke~ Good order is the foundation of all things.
Angela Mont~ Those who danced where thought to be quite insane by those who could not hear the music.
Henry Adams~ A friend in power is a friend lost.
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are. -E E Cummings
Thornton~ Ninety-nine percent of the people in the world are fools and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion.
Paul Valery~ God made everything out of nothing but the nothingness shows through.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. -Ovid
Charles Kingsley~ Its all in the days work as the huntsman said when the lion ate him.
Rita Mae Brown~ One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Just as bees will swarm about to protect their nest so will I swarm about to protect my nest of chocolate eggs.
A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm. -Charles Schwab
I've suffered a great many catastrophes in my life. Most of them never happened. (Mark Twain)
Barbara DeAngelis~ You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
When ability exceeds ambition, or ambition exceeds ability, the likelihood of success is limited. -Ralph Half
To the degree we can live without the things of this world, to that degree we are wealthy. -Peter Mcwilliams
Colin~ A sense of share is not a bad moral compass.
Oprah Winfrey~ Unless you choose to do great things with it it makes no difference how much you are rewarded or how much you have.
Edmund Burke~ Nobility is a graceful ornament to the civil order. It is the Corinthian capital of polished society.
Vulgate~ Behold the man.
'We must do something' is the unanimous refrain. 'You begin' is the deadening refrain. - The Saving Sense. -Walter Dwight
Indian build small fire stand real close, White man build BIG fire stand way back....
Jane Austen~ Oh do not attack me with your watch. A watch is always too fast or too slow. I cannot be dictated to by a watch.
Men take only their needs into consideration, never their abilities. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Robert Burton~ Penny wise pound foolish.
Katharine Graham~ No one can avoid aging but aging productively is something else.
If you can't help how you feel today... then who can?
Samuel Butler~ Truth is generally kindness but where the two diverge and collide kindness should override truth.
Better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness. -Chinese Proverb
It is never easy being a mother. If it were easy, fathers would do it.
Albert Einstein~ Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Douglas Hurd~ It is not helpful to help a friend by putting coins in his pockets when he has got holes in his pockets.
Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue. -Sir John Herschel
Raise your voice and your dignity is lowered. (Melchor F. Cichon)
An adventure is only an inconvenience, rightly considered. -G.k Chesterton
Control your destiny or somebody else will. -Jack Welsh
Robert Frost~ More men die of worry than of work because more men worry than work.
Sir Walter Besant~ If you must hold yourself up to your children hold yourself up as an object lesson and not as an example.
William Shakespeare~ The gods are just and of our pleasant vices Make instruments to plague us.
The hermit doesn't sleep at night, in love with the blue of the vacant moon. The cool of the breeze that rustles the trees rustles him too
Rose Cherin~ Heirlooms we dont have in our family. But stories weve got.
Bill McIntire~ Banning gun shows to reduce violent crime will work about as well as banning auto shows to reduce drunken driving.
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. -Thomas Carlyle
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
Norman Vincent Peale~ Its always too early to quit.
Bill Cosby~ The main goal of the future is to stop violence. The world is addicted to it.
Homer~ Whoever obeys the gods to him they particularly listen.
Philip K. Dick~ Dont try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Delay always breeds danger.
Habit maketh no monke, ne wearing of guilt spurs maketh no knight. - Geoffrey Chaucer
Sir Winston Churchill~ Personally Im always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
Douglas Adams~ Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news which obeys its own special laws.
Leonard Brandwein~ Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers.
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas Edison
We judge others by their actions; we judge ourselves by our intentions.
Unknown~ Dont use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Spider-Man~ Spider-Man Go web. Fly. Up up and away web. Shazam. Web it. Tally ho.
Henry David Thoreau~ The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. (Winston Churchill)
Henri Frdric Amiel~ An error is the more dangerous the more truth it contains.
Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more. -H. W. Dresses
Sir Thomas More~ This hath not offended the king.
Airplane~ Little Girl No thanks I take it black like my men.
You're writing the story of your life one moment at a time. -Doc Childre and Howard Martin
Rose Elizabeth Bird~ It is easy to be popular. It is not easy to be just.
Robert J. Sawyer~ Not wanting to die was another universal constant it seemed.
Unhappiness is in not knowing what we want and killing ourselves to get it. -Don Herold
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. -Amy Tan
Ralph Kiner~ Sutton lost games in a row without winning a ballgame.
Edgar Watson Howe~ The sounder your argument the more satisfaction you get out of it.
Italian Proverb~ It is a good answer that knows when to stop.
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
John Donne~ No man is an island entire of itself every man is a piece of the continent.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ All sin tends to be addictive and the terminal point of addiction is what is called damnation.
I love you; not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. - Roy Croft
William James~ Religion is the monumental chapter in the history of human egotism.
Robert~ Share everything. Dont take things that arent yours. Put things back where you found them.
Truman Capote~ Young men think old men are fools but old men know young men are fools.
Tom Stoppard~ I agree with everything you say but I would attack to the death your right to say it.
Thomas Paine~ Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
Elbert Hubbard~ Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day wisdom consists of not exceeding the limit.
Homer~ In saffron-colored mantle from the tides of ocean rose the morning to bring light to gods and men.
Colley Cibber~ Old houses mended Cost little less than new before they re ended.
The daughter of debate That still discord doth sow. - Elizabeth I
Peter Ustinov~ The only reason I made a commercial for American Express was to pay for my American Express bill.
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. -William Faulkner
Philip Dormer Stanhope~ Democracy means government by the uneducated while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
The time is always right to do what is right. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Philippians NIV Bible~ I thank my God everytime I remember you.
Woodrow Wilson~ A conservative is a man who sits and thinks mostly sits.
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. (Ethiopian proverb)
Corazn Cojuangco Aquino~ It is not I who have been consigned to the bedroom of history.
Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin. -Robert Collier
We shouldn't deny the pain of what happens in our lives. We should just refuse to focus only on the valleys. (Charles Swindoll)
Claude Pepper~ Life is like a bicycle you dont fall off unless you stop pedaling.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
Alain de Lille~ Do not hold as gold all that shines as gold.
Albert Einstein~ I live in that solitude which is painful in youth but delicious in the years of maturity.
Jules Renard~ Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
W. Clement Stone~ Try try try and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
Franklin P. Jones~ Dont be afraid to talk to yourself. Its the only way you can be sure somebodys listening.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -Thomas Edison
Henry Van Dyke~ Happiness is inward and not outward and so it does not depend on what we have but on what we are.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man, and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Alva Edison
Sallust~ To someone seeking power the poorest man is the most useful.
No one ever went broke by saying no too often. -Harvey Mckay
In arguing one should meet serious pleading with humor, and humor with serious pleading. - Oliver Goldsmith
Kahlil Gibran~ The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns the pessimist stares at the thorns oblivious to the rose.
Theres Something About Mary~ Ted What about Brett Fav... ruh
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. -Thomas Paine
Johann von Goethe~ I call architecture frozen music.
Adventure: the pursuit of life. -Daniel Roy Wiarda
D. A. Battista~ Poverty of goods is easily cured poverty of the mind is irreparable.
Oscar Wilde~ Morality like art means a drawing a line someplace.
John Dewey~ Anyone who has begun to think places some portion of the world in jeopardy.
Thomas Carlyle~ Speech is human silence is divine yet also brutish and dead therefore we must learn both arts.
Jonathan Swift~ Ambition often puts men upon doing the meanest offices so climbing is performed in the same posture with creeping.
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. -Newt Gingrich
Sophie Tucker~ Ive been rich and Ive been poor. Rich is better.
Love the moment and the energy of the moment will spread beyond all boundaries. -Coretta Scott King
If one has not given everything, one has given nothing. -Georges Guynemer
Henry David Thoreau~ We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal and then leap in the dark to our success.
Charlotte Bronte~ Look twice before you leap.
Voltaire~ Doubt is not a pleasant condition but certainty is an absurd one.
If I had some idea of a finish line, don't you think I would have crossed it years ago? -Richard M. Devos
Tim Robbins~ It simply comes down to this Get Busy Living or Get Busy Dying.
Thomas Carlyle~ The best effect of any book is that it excites the reader to self-activity.
Writing comes more easily if you have something to say. -Sholem Asch
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. -Ronald E. Osborn
Thomas John Watson Sr.~ I think there is a world market for maybe five computers.
Euripides~ Your very silence shows you agree.
Eric Pio~ Madonna is just a hooker that doesnt get paid.
Periander~ Freedom is a clear conscience.
A man makes inferiors his superiors by heat; self control is the rule. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after another. -Walter Elliott
Barbara Hall~ Justice does not come from the outside. It comes from inner peace.
Henry David Thoreau~ A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can let alone.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. -Euripides
Warren Bennis~ Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them.
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think. -Dale Carnegie
H.L. Mencken~ For centuries theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing.
Robertson Davies~ The world is full of people whose notion of a satisfactory future is in fact a return to the idealised past.
John Sheffield~ Tis the most tender part of love each other to forgive.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything. (Edward Phelps)
H.L. Mencken~ Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
Oscar Wilde~ The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
If you don't make things happen, things will happen to you. -Lanes Company
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the victors.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. -Vince Lombardi
Any time you try to win everything, you must be willing to lose everything. -Larry Csonka
Worry pulls tomorrow's cloud over today's sunshine.
The man who does things makes many mistakes, but he never makes the biggest mistake of all - doing nothing. -Benjamin Franklin
Confucius~ By nature men are nearly alike by practice they get to be wide apart.
Venita Cravens~ When small men cast long shadows the sun is going down.
Joel Rosenberg~ I find that we all get more legendary as time goes by. Legend means basically bullshit.
Aeschylus~ The wisest of the wise may err.
John Milton~ Who overcomes by force hath overcome but half his foe.
Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
Colette~ We only do well the things we like doing.
The groundwork of all happiness is health. -Leigh Hunt
Attitude might not catch fish, but it helps when you don't.
Haste in every business brings failure. -Herodotus
To be able to look back upon one's past life with satisfaction is to live twice. -Martial
Senator Patrick Leahy~ You get fifteen democrats in a room and you get twenty opinions.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. - Beverly Sills
Talent does what it can, and genius does what it must. -Edward George Bulwer-lytton
Thomas Neill~ Of those who say nothing few are silent.
Isaac Newton~ If I have ever made any valuable discoveries it has been owing more to patient attention than to any other talent.
There is no such thing as a hole on your side of the canoe. (native Indian saying)
Sydney Harris~ Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
Albert Einstein~ The highest destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.
There's lots of people who spend so much time watching their health, they haven't got time to enjoy it. -Josh Billings
Wilbur Wright~ I know of only one bird - the parrot - that talks and it cant fly very high.
Virgil~ As the twig is bent the tree inclines.
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. -Thomas Paine
Max Lerner~ The real sadness of fifty is not that you change so much but that you change so little.
Heraclitus~ The road up and the road down is one and the same.
If you can't return a favor, pass it on. -Louise Brown
Joan Didion~ To have that sense of ones intrinsic worth... is potentially to have everything...
Charles Thompson~ Never solve a problem from its original perspective.
Demosthenes~ Nothing is easier than self-deceit. For what each man wishes that he also believes to be true.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I want you to stonewall it. (To staff on news of break-in at Watergate)
Margaret Fuller~ Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live.
Thomas Tusser~ A fool and his money are soon parted.
Oscar Wilde~ Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
German proverb~ He who would rule must hear and be deaf see and be blind.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle. -Plato
Lord Chesterfield~ The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world and not in a closet.
Mignon McLaughlin~ No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.
A reputation once broken may possibly be repaired, but the world will always keep their eyes on the spot where the crack was. -Joseph Hall
Bill Vaughan~ Retirement we understand is great if you are busy rich and healthy. But then under those conditions work is great too.
Zig Ziglar~ The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity.
Samuel Johnson~ Wine makes a man more pleased with himself I do not say that it makes him more pleasing to others.
The optimist sees opportunity in every danger; the pessimist sees danger in every opportunity. -Winston Churchill
Hamming's Motto: The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers. - Hamming
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ Know how sublime a thing is to suffer and be strong.
Barber B. Conable Jr~ I dont think its the function of Congress to function well. It should drag its heels on the way to decision.
Emma Goldman~ The free expression of the hopes and aspirations of a people is the greatest and only safety in a sane society.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette~ We only do well the things we like doing.
George S. Patton~ Dont be a fool and die for your country. Let the other sonofabitch die for his.
Andrew Carnegie~ No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or to get all the credit for doing it.
Dawson Trottman~ Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
You are indebted to your imagination for three-fourths of your importance. -David Garrick
Herbert Spencer~ How often misused words generate misleading thoughts.
Laura Swenson~ For some life lasts a short while but the memories it holds last forever.
Thomas Alva Edison~ I have not failed. Ive just found ways that dont work.
Song of Songs Bible~ I am the rose of Sharon and the lily of the valleys. THE BELOVED.
Kahlil Gibran~ I existed from all eternity and behold I am here and I shall exist till the end of time for my being has no end.
Golo Mann~ Man is always more than he can know of himself consequently his accomplishments time and again will come as a surprise to him.
Leonard Bernstein~ Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable.
Robert Herrick~ Gather ye rosebuds while ye may Old Times is still a-flying And this same flower that smiles today Tomorrow will be dying.
Nancy Thayer~ Its never too late in fiction or in life to revise.
Herbert Spencer~ The ultimate result of shielding men from the effects of folly is to fill the world with fools.
Kim Hubbard~ Dont knock the weather nine-tenths of the people couldnt start a conversation if it didnt change once in a while.
Eden Phillpotts~ The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ As long as people believe in absurdities they will continue to commit atrocities.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Carl Gustav Jung~ Every form of addiction is bad no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. -Anatole France
Slander is a poison which kills charity, both in the slanderer and the one who listens. - St. Bernard
Marva Collins~ Success doesnt come to you...you go to it.
Barnard Elliot Bee~ Let us determine to die here and we will conquer.
Responsibility walks hand in hand with capacity and power. -Josiah Gilbert Holland
Alexander Smith~ Memory is a mans real possession...In nothing else is he rich in nothing else is he poor.
A nice box of chocolates provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?
Shift to the left! Shift to the right! Pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte!
Lord Mancroft~ Money if it does not bring you happiness will at least help you to miserable in comfort.
He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions. -J F Clarke
H.L. Mencken~ An idealist is one who on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage concludes that it will also make better soup.
Confucius~ Wealth and rank are what people desire but unless they be obtained in the right way they may not be possessed.
Unknown~ You cant make someone love you and while you try you lose the people who really care.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed. - 1963. -Harold Macmillan
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it.
There's no future in time travel.
A wise old owl sat on an oak, The more he saw the less he spoke; The less he spoke the more he heard; Why aren't we like that wise old bird?
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Drive carefully, we need every taxpayer we can get.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Ideas wont keep something must be done about them.
You can't choose up sides on a round world. -Wayne Dyer
Herb Cohen~ You and I do not see things as they are. We see things as we are.
Charles Dickens~ A merry Christmas uncle God save you cried a cheerful voice. Bah said Scrooge. Humbug
Paul Gauguin~ Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ All that Hubert needs over there is a gal to answer the phone and a pencil with an eraser on it.
Etty Hillesum~ We are always in search of the redeeming formula the crystallizing thought.
Dick Werthimer~ The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry David Thoreau
A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity into smiles. -Washington Irving
Woody Allen~ What if nothing exists and were all in somebodys dream Or whats worse what if only that fat guy in the third row exists
Laurence J. Peter~ Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status.
Warriors take chances. Like everyone else, they fear failing, but they refuse to let fear control them. -Ancient Samurai saying
Miguel de Cervantes~ I was so free with him as not to mince the matter.
Fulton John Sheen~ I feel it is time that I also pay tribute to my four writers Matthew Mark Luke and John.
Francis Keppel~ Education is too important to be left solely to the educators.
Albert Einstein~ There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.
Seeing within changes one's outer vision. -Joseph Chilton Pearce
Sydney Smith~ He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
A man convinced against his will is still of the same opinion.
Deacon Jones~ I was the originator of smack. Some guys rattle with smack with other guys it rolls right off their shoulders like nothing.
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else. -Benjamin Franklin
Fall seven times, stand up eight. -Japanese Proverb
Winning is everything. The only ones who remember you when you come second are your wife and your dog. -Damon Hill
Confidence is courage at ease. -Daniel Maher
Jean Paul~ The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life the clearer we should see through it.
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?. -Frank Scully
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity. -Mahatma Gandhi
Clock: A small mechanical device to wake up people without children.
Alfred Adler~ There is a courage of happiness as well as a courage of sorrow.
A penny saved is a penny earned, and a penny spent, is a penny enjoyed.
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice. -Neil Peart
Japanese Proverb~ The reverse side also has a reverse side.
Bob Robert Alan Edwards~ People are always ready to admit a mans ability after he gets there.
Georgia OKeeffe~ If you take a flower in your hand and really look at it its your world for the moment.
Menander~ Whom the gods love dies young.
Will Rogers~ Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip.
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Not the fruit of experience but experience itself, is the end. -Walter Pater
Charles Eddie Wiseman~ Were going to raise a lost generation of children unless they are properly disciplined and properly spanked.
Laertius Diogenes~ The question was put to him what hope is and his answer was The dream of a waking man.
Solon~ Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.
Barbara DeAngelis~ Love is a choice you make from moment to moment.
What I do today is important because I am exchanging a day of my life for it. (Hugh Mulligan)
Chinese Proverb~ Deal with the faults of others as gently as with your own.
David Dean Rusk~ The fidelity of the United States to security treaties is not just an empty matter. It is a pillar of peace in the world.
Treat a person as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat him as he could be, and he will become what he should be. -Jimmy Johnson
Matthew Arnold~ The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
Budd Schulberg~ Isnt everyone a part of everyone else
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she would come in and sink my boats. -Woody Allen
Whatever happens, take responsibility. -Anthony Robbins
Love many, trust few, and always paddle your own canoe.
Publilius Syrus~ Debt is the slavery of the free.
H.L. Mencken~ In the United States doing good has come to be like patriotism a favorite device of persons with something to sell.
Desire creates the power. -Raymond Hollingwell
Tex Avery~ Whats up Doc
Erma Bombeck~ Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Repentance is not so much remorse for what we have done as the fear of the consequences. - Alexandre Dumas Pere
People that are orthodox when they are young are in danger of being middle-aged all their lives. -Walter Lippmann
Will Rogers~ Heroing is one of the shortest-lived professions there is.
There is a condition worse than blindness, and that is, seeing something that isn't there. -L Ron Hubbard
Charles M. Schulz~ Thats the secret to life... replace one worry with another....
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. -Tao Te Ching
Epicurus~ He who is calm disturbs neither himself nor others.
Quitting is only a short cut to losing. -Unknown author
Frank Capra~ A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. -Golda Meir. - Golda Meir
Albert Einstein~ True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
Henry David Thoreau~ What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
A thick skin is a gift from God. -Konrad Adenauer
Matthew ~ For many are called but few are chosen.
Peter McWilliams~ Acceptance is such an important commodity some have called it the first law of personal growth.
Mother Theresa~ I know God will not give me anything I cant handle. I just wish that He didnt trust me so much.
Edgar Allan Poe~ Convinced myself I seek not to convince.
James Earl Jimmy Carter Jr.~ Aggression unopposed becomes a contagious disease.
Pythagorus~ Respect yourself most of all.
Let your performance do the thinking. -H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Ethel Watts Mumford~ Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed. -Lloyd Jones
It is hard to read a cartoon aloud.
When you forgive it takes you from the place of the victim to that of a victor.
Marshall McLuhan~ There is absolutely no inevitability as long as there is a willingness to contemplate what is happening.
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either. -Unknown Author
Virgil~ A snake lurks in the grass.
Robert Frost~ Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits, or they'll eventually conquer you. -Dr. Rob Gilbert
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. - Lord Chesterfield
Sebastien-Roch Nicolas~ If you must love your neighbor as yourself it is at least as fair to love yourself as your neighbor.
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow that talent to the dark place it leads. -Erica Jong
James Grover Thurber~ You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
Sophocles~ Ignorant men dont know what good they hold in their hands until theyve flung it away.
Napoleon Hill~ Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Jacques Prvert~ Even if happiness forgets you a little bit never completely forget about it.
Bill Watterson~ Talking with you is sort of the conversational equivalent of an out of body experience.
Kareem Abdul-Jabar~ Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard very liable to be broken.
Edmund Burke~ History is a pact between the dead the living and the yet unborn.
Seneca~ Unjust dominion cannot be eternal.
Praise can be your most valuable asset as long as you don't aim it at yourself. -O.A. Battista
J. R. Platt~ Its just as sure a recipe for failure to have the right idea fifty years too soon as five years too late.
David Lloyd George~ The finest eloquence is that which gets things done the worst is that which delays them.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
Handle yourself using your brain but handle others with your heart.
Anthony Robbins~ It is not what we get. But who we become what we contribute...that gives meaning to our lives.
The end and aim of all education is the development of character. - Francis W. Parker
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
Albert Einstein~ Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Whatever games are played with us, we must play no games with ourselves. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Flavius Josephus~ Everyone ought to worship God according to his own inclinations and not to be constrained by force.
John Maurice Clark~ Knowledge is the only instrument of production That is not subject to the law of diminishing returns.
Is ignorance or apathy the biggest problem with the world today? I don't know and I don't care.
Michael Brian Schiffer~ Anthropology is the only discipline that can access evidence about the entire human experience on this planet.
Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your own way.
Albert Einstein~ I have reached an age when if someone tells me to wear socks I dont have to.
Foot: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Thomas Paine~ Government even in its best state is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one.
Christopher Parker~ Procrastination is like a credit card its a lot of fun until you get the bill.
English Proverb~ Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away.
Chinese Proverb~ To believe in ones dreams is to spend all of ones life asleep.
Hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
Iggy Pop~ Nihilism is best done by professionals.
Wallace Stevens~ The summer night is like a perfection of thought.
Yesterday is a canceled check: Forget it. Tomorrow is a promissory note: Don't count on it. Today is ready cash: Use it!. -Edwin C Bliss
Robert Half~ What happens when the future has come and gone
Alexander Meigs Haig~ The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
Zelda~ Nobody has ever measured even poets how much a heart can hold.
Sir Walter Besant~ Tolerance is the eager and glad acceptance of the way along which others seek the truth.
Peters Almanac~ Its hard to create humor because of the unfair competition from the real world.
Zelda~ I dont want to live. I want to love first and live incidentally.
A pessimist fears this is true.
Marie Ebner von Eschenbach~ We are so vain that we even care for the opinion of those we dont care for.
William Shakespeare~ For aught that I could ever read Could ever hear by tale or history The course of true love never did run smooth.
Learning how to learn is life's most important skill. - Tony Buzan
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ One often contradicts an opinion when what is uncongenial is really the tone in which it was conveyed.
Saint Augustine~ If we live good lives the times are also good. As we are such are the times.
Thomas Babington Macaulay~ It is possible to be below flattery as well as above it.
Captain Lawrence Oates~ I am just going outside and may be some time.
D. H. Lawrence~ How beautiful maleness is if it finds its right expression.
Unknown~ My Karma ran over your dogma.
John Davidson Rockefeller Sr.~ The secret of success is to do common things uncommonly well.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. - Wayne Dyer
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. -Albert Einstein
If you play it safe in life, you've decided that you don't want to grow anymore. -Shirley Hufstedler
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Men exist for the sake of one another. Teach them then or bear with them.
Herb Caen~ There are more of them than us.
The biggest liar you'll ever have to deal with probably watches you shave his face in the mirror every morning.
Epictetus~ First say to yourself what you would be and then do what you have to do.
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
Harry S Truman~ It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
George Saunders~ Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored.
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so.
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true. -Unknown Author
Emily Dickinson~ Anger as soon as fed is dead- Tis starving makes it fat.
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
Anon.~ There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Aristotle Onassis~ If women didnt exist all the money in the world would have no meaning.
Baruch Spinoza~ Do not weep do not wax indignant. Understand.
Garth Brooks~ The greatest conflicts are not between two people but between one person and himself.
Bob Hope~ People who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy.
I've learned to pick my battles; I ask myself, "Will this matter one year from now? How about one month? One week? One day?"
Bosnian Proverb~ Who lies for you will lie against you.
Advice: the smallest current coin. - Ambrose Bierce
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything. -Alexander Hamilton
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Tobacco coffee alcohol hashish prussic acid strychnine are weak dilutions the surest poison is time.
Simonides~ A man gains no possession better than a good woman nothing more horrible than a bad one.
Steven Wright~ Last night I stayed up late playing poker with Tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Everyone is as God has made him and oftentimes a great deal worse.
Hubert Humphrey~ It is not what they take away from you that counts. Its what you do with what you have left.
I value all things only by the price they shall gain in eternity. (John Wesley)
John Milton~ Give me the liberty to know to utter and to argue freely according to conscience above all liberties.
Timothy Leary~ We are dealing with the best-educated generation in history. But theyve got a brain dressed up with nowhere to go.
Sir Thomas Beecham~ Brass bands are all very well in their place - outdoors and several miles away.
Gerald Barzan~ Taxation WITH representation aint so hot either.
People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning. -Dennis T. Menace
Eric Hoffer~ Action is at bottom a swinging and flailing of the arms to regain ones balance and keep afloat.
Unknown~ Anarchy - its not the law its just a good idea.
Charles Dickens~ With affection beaming out of one eye and calculation shining out of the other.
Seneca~ Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Paul Harvey~ In times like these it helps to recall that there have always been times like these.
John F. Kennedy~ We must use time as a tool not as a crutch.
There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time has come. -Victor Hugo
Margaret Fuller~ Its not your blue blood your pedigree or your college degree. Its what you do with your life that counts.
Thomas Jefferson~ Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Mae West~ Marriage is a great institution but Im not ready for an institution yet.
I've learned that I can always pray for someone when I don't have the strength to help him in some other way. - Andy Rooney
A politician thinks of the next election - a statesman, of the next generation. -James Freeman Clarke
It's hard to detect good luck - it looks so much like something you've earned. -Frank A. Clark
Appreciative words are the most powerful force for good on earth! -George W. Crane
Ben Stein~ You can do what you think you can do and you cannot do what you think you cannot.
Anne-Sophie Swetchine~ We are rich only through what we give and poor only through what we refuse.
Rebecca West~ Life ought to be a struggle of desire toward adventures whose nobility will fertilize the soul.
Confidence is a lot of this game or any game. If you don't think you can, you won't. -Jerry West
Chance makes our parents, but choice makes our friends. -Jacques Delille
Bishop Creighton~ The real object of education is to have a man in the condition of continually asking questions.
Charles Rosin~ Golf isnt a game its a choice that one makes with ones life.
Charles Farrar Browne~ Let us all be happy and live within our means even if we have to borrow the money to do it with.
Bad experience is a school that only fools keep going to. - Ezra Taft Benson
Anthony Robbins~ Let fear be a counselor and not a jailer.
Marilyn French~ When they kept you out it was because you were black when they let you in it is because you are black. Thats progress
Henry Kissinger~ Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.
Benjamin Franklin~ Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Kossuth~ The unspoken word never does harm.
Elie Wiesel~ Memory feeds a culture nourishes hope and makes a human human.
Show me the leader and I will know his men. Show me the men and I will know their leader. -Arthur W. Newcomb
Saint Augustine~ Christ is not valued at all unless He is valued above all.
Jack London~ A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog when you are just as hungry as the dog.
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends. (Baltasar Gracian)
Henry Christopher Bailey~ Faith is a higher faculty than reason.
Frank H. Crane~ You often get a better hold upon a problem by going away from it for a time and dismissing it from your mind altogether.
Rodney Dangerfield~ Everyone gets their rough day. No one gets a free ride. Today so far I had a good day. I got a dial tone.
Ken Venturi~ . Never tell everything at once.
Live so that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip. (Will Rogers)
Edward Gibbon~ The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Time will explain it all. He is a talker, and needs no questioning before he speaks. -Euripides
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
Shoot for the moon, even if you miss you will land among the stars. - Unknown
A successful life doesn't require that we've done the best, but that we've done our best. -H. Jackson Brown
Proverbs Bible~ Through patience a ruler can be persuaded and a gentle tongue can break a bone.
Carl Sagan~ A celibate clergy is an especially good idea because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.
Whitney Moore Young~ It is better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one than to have an opportunity and not be prepared.
Edward M. Kennedy~ The work goes on the cause endures the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
Promise is most given when the least is said. - George Chapman
It is not good to know more unless we do more with what we already know. - R. K. Bergethon
One of the rarest things that a man ever does, is to do the best he can. -Josh Billings
Dolores Ibarruri~ It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees.
Norah Jones~ If I make a record I love then somebody will like it. Maybe not everybody but that wont matter.
Dare to risk public criticism. -Mary Kay Ash
Arthur Hays Sulzberger~ We tell the public which way the cat is jumping. The public will take care of the cat.
What a dog I got. His favourite bone is in my arm!
Robert Bloch~ I have the heart of a child. I keep it in a jar on my shelf.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ If a free society cannot help the many who are poor it cannot save the few who are rich.
Henry David Thoreau~ Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
He who angers you conquers you. - Elizabeth Kenny
Freya Madeline Stark~ There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
Meryl Streep~ I have always regarded myself as the pillar of my life.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. -Dale Carnegie
Cyra McFadden~ I no longer prepare food or drink with more than one ingredient.
Stephen Vincent Benet~ We thought because we had power we had wisdom.
Miranda Richardson~ Insecurity commonly regarded as a weakness in normal people is the basic tool of the actors trade.
Peter da Silva~ Ahhh. A man with a sharp wit. Someone ought to take it away from him before he cuts himself.
Feelings are everywhere - be gentle. - J. Masai
William James~ There is no worse lie than a truth misunderstood by those who hear it.
Saying Folk~ Never try to teach a pig to sing. It wastes your time and it annoys the pig.
He who slings mud looses ground.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw
Thomas a Kempis~ The reflections on a day well spent furnish us with joys more pleasing than ten thousand triumphs.
Anonymous~ Bite off more than you can chew then chew it. Plan more than you can do then do it.
Johann von Goethe~ We are never deceived we deceive ourselves.
H Hahn Blavatsky~ He who does not care for Heaven but is contented where he is is already in Heaven.
Why do they call them "apartments" when they are all stuck together?
Andy Warhol~ I am a deeply superficial person.
Bernard Mannes Baruch~ I was eleven then I was sixteen. Though no honors came my way those were the lovely years.
No one can make you feel inferior without your permission. -Eleanor Roosevelt.
The only way to be free is to limit yourself. (Jason Benson)
Honore de Balzac~ A woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea.
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound. - James Allen
Speak softly. If you really want to be heard, lower your voice. (Terri Levine)
David McClure Brinkley~ A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
Knowing without doing is like plowing without sowing.
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth. - Otto Von Bismarck
James Barrie~ Dreams do come true if we only wish hard enough You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
If you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to serve as a horrible warning.
Otto von Bismark~ Beware of sentimental alliances where the consciousness of good deeds is the only compensation for noble sacrifices.
Albert Einstein~ In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must above all be a sheep.
Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results. - Scott Adams
Charles De Gaulle~ Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
Golda Meir~ We have always said that in our war with the Arabs we had a secret weapon-no alternative.
Find peace with yourself by accepting not only what you are, but what you are never going to be. -Unknown Author
Treat your friends as you do your pictures, place them in their best light.
Philip~ Being convinced one knows the whole story is the surest way to fail.
Lytton Strachey~ Discretion is not the better part of biography.
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application form. -Stanely J. Randall
La Rochefoucauld~ To a person in love the value of the individual is intuitively known. Love needs no logic for its mission.
John Burroughs~ It is always easier to believe than to deny. Our minds are naturally affirmative.
Mary Renault~ It is bitter to lose a friend to evil before one loses him to death.
Theodor Reik~ Nothing said to us nothing we can learn from others reaches us so deep as that which we find in ourselves.
Love is not getting, but giving -Henry Van Dyke
John Sladek~ The future according to some scientists will be exactly like the past only far more expensive.
J. W. Fulbright~ In a democracy dissent is an act of faith. Like medicine the test of its value is not in its taste but in its effects.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning~ Measure not the work until the days out and the labor done.
Mark Duffy~ I could not lose unless I was caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
Love is the master key opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
T. S. Eliot~ Most of the trouble in the world is caused by people wanting to be important.
Thorstein Veblen~ The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
Danish proverb~ If your house is on fire warm yourself by it.
A computer beat me at chess once.
It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted. - Aeschylus
Rabbi Hillel~ If I am not for myself who is for me But if I am for my own self only what am I and if not now when
Seneca~ Nothing deters a good man from doing what is honourable.
Honest Criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an aquaintance, or a stranger. -Franklin P Jones
Say yes to your Universe. -Janet Zuckerman
John Atkinson~ If you dont run your own life somebody else will.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. -David Starr Jordan. - David Starr Jordan
William Blake~ Hes a Blockhead who wants a proof of what he Cant Percieve And hes a Fool who tries to make such a Blockhead believe.
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
Marcius Porcius Cato~ Carthago delenda est. (Carthage must be destroyed.)
Daniel Webster~ A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
Unknown~ We were all born with wings. In times of doubt spread them.
Eat your spinach and you'll grow up big and strong like Popeye. You'll also end up with a girlfriend that looks like Olive Oyl.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Light is the first of painters. There is no object so foul that intense light will not make it beautiful.
Samuel Butler~ Man is the only animal that laughs and has a state legislature.
Ted Williams~ Pour water on a sportswriter - instant horseshit.
Henry Stimson~ The only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him.
Andrew Schneider~ There can be no spirituality no sanctity no truth without the female sex.
Laurence J. Peter~ If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind what is the significance of a clean desk
Nancy Drew~ If worry were an effective weight-loss program women would be invisible.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all. - Desiderius Erasmus
Jacques Delille~ Fate chooses your relations you choose your friends.
Mark Twain~ The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession.
Carl Jung~ Where love rules there is no will to power and where power predominates love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. -Mark Twain
J. R. R. Tolkien~ All that is gold does not glitter not all those that wander are lost.
Voltaire~ God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure. -Dan Quayle
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it.
Edmund Burke~ Better be despised for too anxious apprehensions than ruined by too confident security.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ A writer must refuse to allow himself to be transformed into an institution.
John Wooden~ Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
New England Proverb~ If you want to know what God thinks of money look at the people he gives it to.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Divide and rule a sound motto. Unite and lead a better one.
Wanted: Meaningful overnight relationship.
John Russell~ Sanity calms but madness is more interesting.
Tryon Edwards~ If you would thoroughly know anything teach it to others.
Will Rogers~ The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
When the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to resemble a nail. -Abraham Maslow
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Danish proverb~ Young pigs grunt as as old pigs grunted before them.
Be humble, be big in mind and soul, be kindly; you will like yourself that way and so will other people. -Norman Vincent Peale
Joan Crawford~ Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house you can never tell.
William Hazlitt~ The way to procure insults is to submit to them a man meets with no more respect than he exacts.
Spiro Agnew~ In the United States today we have more than our share of nattering nabobs of negativism.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. -Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
William Rotsler~ How rare and wonderful is that flash of a moment when we realize we have discovered a friend.
Karl Barth~ Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God.
Good taste is boundless, while bad taste knows no bounds.
Seek and you will find. - Bible
Chinese Proverb~ Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind.
Jean Kerr~ The real menace in dealing with a five-year-old is that in no time at all you begin to sound like a five-year-old.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ All art is but imitation of nature.
Thomas Jefferson~ No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms.
It is as necessary for men to hear the Gospel, as it was for Christ to die.
Everyone is born a genius. -Buckminster Fuller
Annie Lennox~ Ask yourself Have you been kind today Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world.
Alan Alda~ It isnt necessary to be rich and famous to be happy. Its only necessary to be rich.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ To the dull mind all nature is leaden. To the illumined mind the whole world sparkles with light.
The Talmud~ Who can protest and does not is an accomplice in the act.
Louis D. Brandeis~ In the frank expression of conflicting opinions lies the greatest promise of wisdom in governmental action.
Dr.~ The only lasting trauma is the one we suffer without positive change.
Blaise Pascal~ We arrive at the truth not by the reason only but also by the heart.
Gaius Julius Caesar~ He has not learned the lesson of life who does not every day surmount a fear.
Jean de La Fontaine~ Patience and time do more than strength or passion.
Hannah Whitall Smith~ Seeing our Father in everything makes life one long thanksgiving and gives rest of the heart.
John Gillespie Magee~ Oh I have slipped the surly bonds of earth And danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings.
Hannah Arendt~ Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
Adam and Eve were the first people on earth............Did they have belly buttons?
A closed mind is like a closed book; just a block of wood. (Chinese proverb)
The best is yet to be. -Robert Browning
Ursula K. LeGuin~ The only thing that makes life possible is permanent intolerable uncertainty not knowing what comes next.
Giving connects two people, the giver and the receiver, and this connection gives birth to a new sense of belonging. -Deepak Chopra
David Lee~ You have to be deviant if youre going to do anything new.
Julie-Jeanne-Eleonore de Lespinasse~ If you can attain repose and calm believe that you have seized happiness.
E. R. Hazlip~ Friendship is a horizon - which expands whenever we approach it.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled. -Plutarch
Joseph Addison~ Content thyself to be obscurely good. When vice prevails and impious men bear sway the post of honor is a private station.
Elbert Hubbard~ Religions are many and diverse but reason and goodness are one.
Dr. Seuss~ Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind dont matter and those who matter dont mind.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be.
The awakening has begun! -William Dempsey
Elizabeth Stone~ The particular human chain were part of is central to our individual identity.
Romanian Proverb~ Do not put your spoon into the pot which does not boil for you.
Johann von Goethe~ What government is the best That which teaches us to govern ourselves.
A tree never hits an automobile except in self-defense.
John W. Vessey Jr.~ Resource-constrained environment are fancy Pentagon words that mean there isnt enough money to go around.
Robert Frost~ Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense.
La Rochefoucauld~ If we judge of love by its usual effects it resembles hatred more than friendship.
Sir Winston Churchill~ I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact if anything I am the prod.
Success doesn't happen. It is organized, preempted, captured, by consecrated common sense. -F. E. Willard
John Saul~ Ideology is a form of illiteracy. Those addicted to it are unable to understand anything other than what fits their pattern.
Unknown~ Never deprive someone of hope - it may be all they have.
Those who wish to sing, always find a song. -Swedish Proverb
Alvin Toffler~ Anyone nit-picking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor doubtless deserves the error that provoked it.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Periods of tranquility are seldom prolific of creative achievement. Mankind has to be stirred up.
Sun-tzu~ Victorious warriors win first and then go to war while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Rita Mae Brown~ A life of reaction is a life of slavery intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action not reaction.
A person's treatment of money is the most decisive test of his character, how they make it and how they spend it. -James Moffatt
Suzanne Chapin~ All that is worth cherishing begins in the heart not the head.
Albert Einstein~ Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the Gods.
He profits most who serves best. -Arthur F. Sheldon. - Arthur F. Sheldon
John Perry Barlow~ But groundless hope like unconditional love is the only kind worth having.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. (Chinese proverb)
Corazn Cojuangco Aquino~ All the world wondered as they witnessed ... a people lift themselves from humiliation to the greatest pride.
Charles Dickens~ I will honor Christmas in my heart and try to keep it all year.
Julie Morgenstern~ How we treasure (and admire) the people who acknowledge us
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be. - Thomas a Kempis
Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovsky~ The Earth is the Cradle of the Mind - but one cannot eternally live in a cradle.
Thomas Fuller~ Money is the sinew of love as well as war.
Satchel Paige~ Dont look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Waynes World~ Garth Did you ever find Bugs Bunny attractive when he put on a dress and played girl bunny
Write injuries in the sand, kindnesses in marble.
Vincent Van Gogh~ How can I be useful of what service can I be There is something inside me what can it be
John Dykes~ Our deeds follow us and what we have been makes us what we are.
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes. -Charles Prestwich Scott
Iranaeus~ No man can know God unless God has taught him that is to say that without God God cannot be known.
Alexander Chase~ To understand is to forgive even oneself.
Margaret Atwood~ Another belief of mine that everyone else my age is an adult whereas I am merely in disguise.
Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it. - Baskins
The sounder your argument, the more satisfaction you get out of it. - Edgar Watson Howe
I've learned that I can't choose how I feel, but I can choose what I do about it. - Andy Rooney
There is no time like the pleasant. -Oliver Herford
People may not always believe what you say, but they will believe what you do.
Walter Goodman~ The idea of all-out nuclear war is unsettling.
Thank God for what you have, TRUST GOD for what you need.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Learn to say no. It will be of more use to you than to be able to read Latin.
There is but one philosophy and its name is fortitude! To bear is to conquer our fate. -Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ Educations purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Harry Emerson Fosdick~ He who chooses the beginning of the road chooses the place it leads to. It is the means that determines the end.
Ludwig Boerne~ The secret of power is the knowledge that others are more cowardly than you are.
Tom Masson~ Hamlet is the tragedy of tackling a family problem too soon after college.
Mother Theresa~ If we have no peace it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Better an end with pain, than pain with no end.
H. Jackson Browne~ In the confrontation between the stream and the rock the stream always wins - not through strength but by perseverance.
John Berry~ The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
Roger Zelazny~ I stalk my prison like my own ghost...
Facebook... too cluttered?
Mary MacCracken~ Level with your child by being honest. Nobody spots a phony quicker than a child.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. -Franklin Roosevelt
Eugene Ionesco~ Explanation separates us from astonishment which is the only gateway to the incomprehensible.
Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due. -Eldridge Cleaver
Paying attention to simple little things that most men neglect makes a few men rich. -Henry Ford
Before the reward there must be labor. You plant before you harvest. You sow in tears before you reap joy. -Ralph Ransom
Telling the boss what a good worker you are is worth 1%..showing him is worth 96%.
Fred Allen~ If the grass is greener in the other fellows yard - let him worry about cutting it.
Francis Bacon~ Nothing is to be feared but fear.
Tell me who admires you and loves you, and I will tell you who you are. - Charles Augustin Sainte-beauve
The real character of a man is found out by his amusements. -Jean Iris Murdoch
Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance. (Carl Sandburg)
Herman Melville~ Lifes a voyage thats homeward bound.
Moral courage is the most valuable and usually the most absent characteristic in men. -George Patton
Will Rogers~ There is only one thing that can kill the Movies and that is education.
Lord John Whorfin~ History is made at night. Character is what you are in the dark.
Dumb & Dumber~ Lloyd When I met Mary I got that old fashioned romantic feeling where Id do anything to bone her.
Robert A. Heinlein~ Of course the game is rigged. Dont let that stop you - if you dont play you cant win.
William Butler Yeats~ I have spread my dreams under your feet
Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind; and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind. -William Shakespeare
Maria Montessori~ We teachers can only help the work going on as servants wait upon a master.
Marc Chagall~ Only love interests me and I am only in contact with things that revolve around love.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off layer by layer and sometimes you cry.
Joe Moore~ A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some.
A man's character is his fate. -Heraclitus
If you want to be a leader with a large following, just obey the speed limit on a winding, two-lane road. (Charles Farr)
Will Rogers~ Politics is applesauce.
He who refuses to embrace a unique opportunity loses the prize as surely as if he had failed. -William James
See things as you would have them be instead of as they are. -Robert Collier
Plato~ You cannot conceive the many without the one.
Before you can do something you must first be something. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Alan Saporta~ The best way to escape from a problem is to solve it.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Confucius
Miguel de Cervantes~ Why do you lead me a wild-goose chase
Do every act of your life as if it were your last. -Marcus Aurelius
English Proverb~ Do not be in a hurry to tie what you cannot untie.
Kareem Abdul-Jabar~ Its hard for young players to see the big picture. They just see three or four years down the road.
Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change; where we are right, make us easy to live with. (Rev. Peter Marshall)
John Moore~ He who hasnt hacked assemply language as a youth has no heart. He who does as an adult has no brain.
Swingers~ Trent Youre so money and you dont even know it
You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it. -Charles Bixton
Hope can always cope. -P. K. Thomajan
John Evelyn~ Friendship is the golden thread that ties the hearts of all hearts of all the world.
Oprah Winfrey~ Real integrity is doing the right thing knowing that nobodys going to know whether you did it or not.
Woody Allen~ How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter
CANI! - (pronounced kuhn-EYE) stands for Constant And Never-ending Improvement. -Anthony Robbins
If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free. If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke
W. C. Fields~ I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.
With time and patience, the mulberry leaf becomes satin. With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. -Chinese proverb
Victory begins with the name of Jesus on our lips, but it will not be consummated until the nature of Jesus is in our hearts.
Right actions for the future are the best apologies for wrong ones in the past. -Tyron Edwards
Bertrand Russell~ I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein
Meister Eckhart~ Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.
Theodore Roosevelt~ Whenever you are asked if you can do a job tell em Certainly I can Then get busy and find out how to do it.
Samuel Goldwyn~ If I could drop dead right now Id be the happiest man alive.
The wisest man is generally he who thinks himself the least so. - Nicolas Boileau-despréaux
Socrates~ I am the wisest man alive for I know one thing and that is that I know nothing. (Platos Apology)
Robert W. Sarnoff~ Finance is the art of passing currency from hand to hand until it finally disappears.
Unknown~ When your world seems like too much to handle Just take a deep breath and laugh. It clears the mind and frees your spirit.
Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own. -Robert Collier
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great. -Niccoló Machiavelli
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. -John D. Rockefeller
Those who believe that they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are. -Roy Disney
Bob Hope~ I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
The darkest hour of a man's life is when he sits down to plan how to get money without earning it. -Horace Greeley
Carol Burnett~ When you have a dream youve got to grab it and never let go.
Seneca~ It should be our care not so much to live a long life as a satisfactory one.
Ronald Reagan~ Today we have done what we had to do. If necessary we shall do it again.
Moliere~ Rest assured that there is nothing which wounds the heart of a noble man more deeply than the thought his honour is assailed.
Spanish Proverb~ Drink nothing without seeing it sign nothing without reading it.
American Indian Proverb~ I will not criticize another until I have walked a mile in his mocassins.
Jim Beggs~ What we say is important for in most cases the mouth speaks what the heart is full of.
If a man works like a horse for his money, there are a lot of girls anxious to take him down the bridal path. - Marty Allen
Bertolt Brecht~ Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molire~ It is a fine seasoning for joy to think of those we love.
I am the master of my unspoken words, and a slave to those that should have remained unspoken. (Anon)
Bertrand Russell~ There are two motives for reading a book one that you enjoy it the other that you can boast about it.
Chance fights ever on the side of the prudent. -Euripides
Cato the Elder~ Anger so clouds the mind that it cannot perceive the truth.
Lily Tomlin~ Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
The Talmud~ A person will be called to account on Judgement Day for every permissible thing he might have enjoyed but did not.
Practice is everything"This is often misquoted as "Practice makes perfect. - Periander
If we do not find anything very pleasant, at least we shall find something new. -Voltaire
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it. (Ashleigh Brilliant)
Nothing can work me damage except myself. -St. Bernard
He who labors diligently need never despair; for all things are accomplished by diligence and labor. -Menander
Ronald Reagan~ Its difficult to see that people are starving in this country because food isnt available.()
Miguel de Cervantes~ A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Oscar Wilde~ It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
After enlightenment, the laundry. -Zen Proverb
George Herbert~ Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Seeing much suffering much and studying much are the three pillars of learning.
An inch of time cannot be bought by an inch of gold. (Chinese proverb)
Albert Camus~ The truth as the light makes blind.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Love me or hate me, but spare me your indifference. -John Galsworthy
Sarah Ban Breathnach~ Learning to live in the present moment is part of the path of joy.
Anita Brookner~ Real love is a pilgrimage. It happens when there is no strategy but it is very rare because most people are strategists.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. -Red Sanders
There is something to that old saying that hate injures the hater, not the hated. -Pilgrims
Yvonne De Gaulle~ The presidency is temporary-but the family is permanent.
Lester Bowles Pearson~ The fact is that we prepare for war like giants and for peace like pygmies.
German proverb~ When the fox preaches look to the geese.
Our energy is in proportion to the resistance it meets. -William Hazlitt
Epicurus~ It is possible to provide security against other ills but as far as death is concerned we men live in a city without walls.
What do you do when you discover an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants?
Sydney Smith~ It is always right that a man should be able to render a reason for the faith that is within him.
Amy Dacyczyn~ Frugality without creativity is deprivation.
Miguel de Cervantes~ There is no love lost between us.
The perfecting of one's self is the fundamental base of all progress and all moral development. -Confucius
Mark Jenkins~ Maps encourage boldness. Theyre like cryptic love letters. They make anything seem possible.
When an individual fear or apathy passes by the unfortunate, life is of no account. - Haniel Long
Merchants have no country. The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as that from which they draw their gains.
William Jennings Bryan~ An orator is a man who says what he thinks and feels what he says.
Homer~ It is equally offensive to speed a guest who would like to stay and to detain one who is anxious to leave.
If you need time alone, try cleaning the house.
Anon.~ Scandisk is now checking your hard disk. You can start praying.
Kindness is gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. -Henri-Frederic Amiel
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work. -John Lubbock
Samuel Paterson~ Books like friends should be few and well chosen.
Albert Camus~ The absurd is born of the confrontation between the human call and the unreasonable silence of the world.
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. the foundation of such a method is love.
Luther H. Hodges~ If ignorance paid dividends most Americans could make a fortune out of what they dont know about economics.
The only place you can win a football game is on the field. The only place you can lose it is in your head. (Darrell Royal)
Henry Adams~ Friends are born not made.
Dorothy Law Nolte~ If a child lives with approval he learns to live with himself.
Ludwig van Beethoven~ Recommend to your children virtue that alone can make them happy not gold.
Unknown~ The most important thing in communication is hearing what isnt being said.
Epicurus~ It is not so much our friends help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us.
Clive Staples Lewis~ Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.
Kahlil Gibran~ The most solid stone in the structure is the lowest one in the foundation.
Victor Hugo~ No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come.
Pablo Picasso~ Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
Chapman Cohen~ Gods are fragile things they may be killed by a whiff of science or a dose of common sense.
Burnadette Devlin~ To gain that which is worth having it may be necessary to lose everything else.
Haywood Hale Broun~ Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
Albert Einstein~ Do not worry about your problems in mathematics. I assure you my problems with mathematics are much greater than yours.
If things get better with age, I'm approaching magnificent!
Robert Frost~ Anything more than the truth would be too much.
Quintilian~ Though ambition itself be a vice yet it is often times the cause of virtues.
Danish proverb~ Dont speak unless you can improve on the silence.
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard. Putting off a hard thing makes it impossible. -Charles E. Wilson
Whoever follows a crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
Love is the unity of two hearts beating together as one.
George Bernard Shaw~ A man never tells you anything until you contradict him.
Rabindranath Tagore~ We gain freedom when we have paid the full price...
I am doing a great work and I cannot come down. Why should the work stop while I leave it and come down to you? -Bible
Men moet altijd het vergeetboekje bij zich dragen, anders houd je geen enkele vriend over.
Joseph Chilton Pearce~ We must accept that this creative pulse within us is Gods creative pulse itself.
I heard you took an IQ test and they said you're results were negative.
Alfred De Musset~ How glorious it is - and also how painful - to be an exception.
Ambition can creep as well as soar. -Edmund Burke
Dennis S. Brown~ The only difference between a Good Day And a Bad Day Is your ATTITUDE
I've developed a new philosophy... I only dread one day at a time. -Charles Schultz
James Brady~ It is not a loss of freedom. Its a measure to protect it. on gun control
Saint Augustine~ Conscience and reputation are two things. Conscience is due to yourself reputation to your neighbour.
Trey and Matt Stone Parker~ Family isnt about whose blood you have. Its about who you care about.
I always said that mega-mergers were for megalomaniacs. - David Ogilvy
Growing old is like watching a great river erode your property and knowing you are helpless to stop it. (Robert G. Easterling)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Love and desire are the spirits wings to great deeds.
Concentration is the secret of strength. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Its lonely at the top... but you do eat better
Hebrews Bible~ Be not forgetful to entertain strangers for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.
How many letters in the Alphabet? 19, cuz ET went home on a UFO and the FBI went after him.
An Apple a day keeps the doctor away. But . . . an onion a day keeps everyone away.
Chinese Curse~ May you always live in interesting times.
A man without character is like a ship without a rudder. -Karl G. Maeser
Totie Fields~ Ive been on a diet for two weeks and all Ive lost is two weeks.
Baltasar Gracian~ Never do anything when you are in a temper for you will do everything wrong.
Gordon Parks~ The guy who takes a chance who walks the line between the known and unknown who is unafraid of failure will succeed.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Every man is a divinity in disguise a God playing the fool.
Sir James MacKintosh~ It is right to be contented with what we have never with what we are.
If you don't love, you can't live; if you don't live, you can't love. (Jason Benson)
They are happiest who have power to gather wisdom from a flower. (Mary Howitt)
George Gordon~ And if I laugh at any mortal thing This that I may not weep.
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. -Christian Larson
You get out in front - you stay out in front. -A. J. Foyt
Adolf Hitler~ Go ahead kill without mercy. After all who remembers today the Armenian Genocide
Johann von Goethe~ Our friends show us what we can do our enemies teach us what we must do.
Victor Hugo~ A compliment is like a kiss through a veil.
Taoist Proverb~ No one can see their reflection in running water. It is only in still water that we can see.
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings. (Lord Chesterfield)
Any man who laughs at women's clothes has never paid the bill for them.
Unknown~ Its hard to be nostalgic when you cant remember anything.
Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost. -Robert H. Schuller
Horace~ He has the deed half done who has made a beginning.
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third.
Henry David Thoreau~ He enjoys true leisure who has time to improve his souls estate.
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul. - Thomas Fuller
Let us be poised, and wise, and our own, today. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice. -Jim Rohn
Heywood Broun~ Nobody talks so constantly about God as those who insist that there is no God.
Erma Bombeck~ If a man watches three football games in a row he should be declared legally dead.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. -Antoine Saint-Exupéry
Pablo Picasso~ Work is a necessity for man. Man invented the alarm clock.
We make our friends; we make our enemies; but God makes our next-door neighbour. (G. K. Chesterton)
Contrary to the cliché, genuinely nice guys most often finish first or very near it. -Malcom S. Forbes
By working hard, you get to play hard guilt-free. -E James Rohn
You can have brilliant ideas, but if you can't get them across, your ideas won't get you anywhere. -Lee Iacocca
Liza Minnelli~ Reality is something you rise above.
Anonymous~ Alas my love you do me wrong To cast me of discurteously And I have loved you so long Delighting in your company.
You can't learn less. -Buckminster Fuller
Hal Borland~ If you would know strength and patience welcome the company of trees.
Sister Mary Rose McGeady~ There is no greater joy nor greater reward than to make a fundamental difference in someones life.
William Goldman~ Life is pain highness Anyone who says differently is selling something.
Jeseph Joubert~ Never cut what you can untie.
Theodore Roethke~ I wake to sleep and take my waking slow. I feel my fate in what I cannot fear. I learn by going where I have to go.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ From now on ending a sentence with a preposition is something up with which I will not put.
Henry James~ Its time to start living the life youve imagined.
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing. -Eva Young
James Reston~ This is the devilish thing about foreign affairs they are foreign and will not always conform to our whim.
Colette~ A happy childhood is poor preparation for human contacts.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. -Lao-Tzu
William Safire~ No one flower can ever symbolize this nation. America is a bouquet.
There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living. The other should teach us how to live. -James Truslow Adams
Pablo Picasso~ Id like to live as a poor man with lots of money.
William J. Clinton~ There is nothing wrong with America that cannot be cured with what is right in America.
Harry S Truman~ A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss in the Republican Party he is a leader.
Desiderius Erasmus~ In the land of the blind the one-eyed man is king. In regione caecorum rex est luscus.
Charles Horton Cooley~ Our individual lives cannot generally be works of art unless the social order is also.
German proverb~ No answer is also an answer.
Adlai Ewing Stevenson~ Man does not live by words alone despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. -Bertrand Russell
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. -Jonathon Kozol
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Difficulties increase the nearer we approach our goal.
All glory comes from daring to begin. -Eugene F. Ware
Don't simply retire from something; have something to retire to. - Harry Emerson Fosdick
Andr Malraux~ To command is to serve nothing more and nothing less.
We can do not great things - only small things with great love. - Paul Tillich
Swedish Proverb~ Dont let your sorrow come higher than your knees.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ A weapon is a device for making your enemy change his mind.
George Santayana~ Almost every wise saying has an opposite one no less wise to balance it.
Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Danish proverb~ An ounce of mother is worth a pound of priests.
There is no such thing as government money, only taxpayer money. (William Weld)
James Bryant Conant~ Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
Commerce is the great civilizer. We exchange ideas when we exchange fabrics. -Robert G. Ingersoll
Earl Warren~ We may not know the whole story in our lifetime. (On assassination of President John F Kennedy(
The weak can never Forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the Strong. (Mahatma Gandhi)
Henri De Montherlant~ We like someone because. We love someone although.
Claude Swanson~ When the water reaches the upper level follow the rats.
Johann von Goethe~ My poor head is in such a whirl my mind is all in bits.
Odetta~ No one can dub you with dignity. Thats yours to claim.
Oscar Wilde~ Children begin by loving their parents as they grow older they judge them sometimes they forgive them.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Religion is excellent stuff for keeping the common people quiet.
Put your creed in your deed.
Edith Ann~ Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Nicholas Chamfort~ The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Robert Oxton Bolt~ A belief is not merely an idea the mind possesses it is an idea that possesses the mind.
George Mason~ I ask Who are the militia They consist now of the whole people except for a few public officers.
Maureen Dowd~ The minute you settle for less than you deserve you get even less than you settled for.
Thomas Overbury~ The man who has nothing to boast of but his illustrious ancestry is like the potato - the best part under ground.
Henry David Thoreau~ We shall see but a little way if we require to understand what we see.
William Shakespeare~ Be thou as chaste as ice as pure as snow thou shalt not escape calumny. Get thee to a nunnery go.
If you are not big enough to lose you are too small to win.
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great. -Ray Charles
Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared. -Eddie Rickenbacker
Good writing is clear thinking made visible. -Bill Wheeler
Ignacio Estrada~ If a child cant learn the way we teach maybe we should teach the way they learn.
What's more important-your goal, or others' opinions of your goal. -Peter Mcwilliams
Mark Twain~ Eloquence is the essential thing in a speech not information.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. -Voltaire
Often, the greatest challenge facing an organization is recognizing and acting on opportunity rather than solving a problem. -Peter Ginter
Avarice hoards itself poor; charity gives itself rich. (German proverb)
Don't listen to what I say; listen to what I mean.
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I hereby resign this office of president of the United States.
We take risks not to escape life but to prevent that live escapes us.
Sbastien-Roch Nicolas de Chamfort~ All that Ive learned Ive forgotten. The little I still know Ive guessed.
Michael Eisner~ Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success.
H. G. Wells~ Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
Marlon Brando~ All I want to be is normally insane.
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh - at yourself. -Ethel Barrymore
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision. -Helen Keller
He who enjoys doing and enjoys what he has done is happy. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Make yourself necessary to somebody. Do not make life hard to any.
It is not that we don't know the right answers, it is just that we don't ask the right questions. (Tony Robbins)
We must be the change we wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow. -Dan Rather
Nunc scio quit sit amor." Lat., "Now I know what love is. - Virgil
Judith Martin~ There are three social classes in America upper middle class middle class and lower middle class.
He was one of a lean body and visage, as if his eager soul, biting for anger at the clog of his body, desired to fret a passage through it.
Arthur Wellesley~ Be discreet in all things and so render it unnecessary to be mysterious about any.
Maurice Chapelain~ The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusion.
William James~ Human beings by changing the inner attitudes of their minds can change the outer aspects of their lives.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Kurt Herbert Alder~ Tradition is what you resort to when you dont have the time or the money to do it right.
I think knowing what you cannot do is more important than knowing what you can. - Lucille Ball
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. - Stendhal
Edith Newbold Jones Wharton~ There are two ways of spreading light to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
William John Bennett~ There are no menial jobs only menial attitudes.
Luck to me is something else. Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't. -Lucille Ball
Jeseph Joubert~ Justice is the truth in action.
We take for granted the things that we should be giving thanks for.
We will either find a way or make one. -Hannibal
The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he didn't exist.
Work is for people who dont know how to play XBOX
Thomas Jefferson~ Friendship is precious not only in the shade but in the sunshine of life.
Henry David Thoreau~ It is never too late to give up our prejudices.
Rita Rudner~ In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
Ren G. Torres~ He who does not have the courage to speak up for his rights cannot earn the respect of others.
English Proverb~ A mans first care should be to avoid the reproaches of his own heart his next to escape the censures of the world.
Anthony DAngelo~ If you have a vision do something with it.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Goldie Hawn~ I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile.
George Will~ Americans are overreachers overreaching is the most admirable of the many American excesses.
German proverb~ Its not that age brings childhood back again Age merely shows what children we remain.
Virginia~ Nothing has really happened until it has been recorded.
Robert~ Everything is in a state of flux including the status quo.
Most successful men have not achieved their distinction by having some new talent or opportunity that was at hand. -Bruce Barton
Whatever Sceptic could inquire for, For every why he had a wherefore. - Samuel Butler (1)
There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is not to be true to the best we know. (Frederick Farrar)
The important thing is not that we can live on hope alone, but that life is not worth living without it. -Harvey Milk
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Philosopher A lover of wisdom which is to say Truth.
Robert Browning~ Motherhood All love begins and ends there.
Frederick Wilcox~ Progress always involves risk you cant steal second base and keep your foot on first base.
Leonardo DaVinci~ You do ill if you praise but worse if you censure what you do not understand.
Francisco El Caudillo Franco~ I am responsible only to God and history.
Glenn Dickey~ The guy with the biggest stomach will be the first to take off his shirt at a baseball game.
Claudia Alta Taylor Johnson~ Children are likely to live up to what you believe of them.
Albert Camus~ You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common "enemy".
W. Somerset Maugham~ At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well and talk well but not too wisely.
A salesman minus enthusiasm is just a clerk. -Harry F. Banks
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved. - Victor Hugo
Thomas Jefferson~ I cannot live without books.
Greenday~ Something unpredictable but in the end its right I hope you have the time of your life.
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in such a manner that when you die the world cries and you rejoice.
Oprah Winfrey~ If you want your life to be more rewarding you have to chage the way you think.
William Shakespeare~ What a deformed thief this fashion is.
William Penn~ Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than from the arguments of its opposers.
Pearl Bailey~ When youre young the silliest notions seem the greatest achievements.
What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.
Giuseppe Mazzini~ Music is the harmonious voice of creation an echo of the invisible world.
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. -Fred Allen
Charles Dickens~ Have a heart that never hardens and a temper that never tires and a touch that never hurts.
Henry Peter Brougham~ Education makes people easy to lead but difficult to drive easy to govern but impossible to enslave.
Aristophanes~ High thoughts must have high language.
Theodore Roosevelt~ Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Caecilius Statius~ The whole world is a mans birthplace.
When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear. - Mark Twain
Amy Carter~ No.
Gaelic Proverb~ Avoid the evil and it will avoid thee.
Leo C. Rosten~ Every writer is a narcissist. This does not mean that he is vain it only means that he is hopelessly self-absorbed.
Woodrow Wilson~ The world must be made safe for democracy.
In selling as in medicine, prescription before diagnosis is malpractice. -Tony Allasandra
A young person knows the rules but the old person knows the exceptions.
Jackie Robinson~ A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Joseph Heller~ He had decided to live forever or die in the attempt.
Samuel Johnson~ It is better to live rich than to die rich.
Unknown~ When you hug someone never be the first to let go.
Lester Bowles Pearson~ This is the flag of the future but it does not dishonor the past. (On his countrys new Maple Leaf flag)
Betty Bender~ Anything Ive ever done that ultimately was worthwhile... initially scared me to death.
Eugene F. Ware~ All glory comes from daring to begin.
Michael Masukawa~ There are still normal people around they just changed the definition of normal
It's time to reappreciate the original software: paper. - Dale Dauten
The great recipe for success is to work, and always work. - Leon Gambetta
George Jackson~ Patience has its limits. Take it too far and its cowardice.
Love is not about who you live with... It's about who you can't live without.
Muhammad Ali~ Silence is golden when you cant think of a good answer.
Alfred A. Montapert~ Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress.
Melted fruit snacks found on Keyboard. Delete nephew [Y/N]?
Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn't spend half our time wishing. -Alexander Woollcott
Melchior De Polignac~ To err is human.
Mark Twain~ Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Theodore Roosevelt~ Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Walt Disney~ Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it and work at it until its done right.
Richard Bethell~ Take a note of that his Lordship says he will turn it over in what he is pleased to call his mind.
The fastest way to find something you've lost is to replace it.
Cornelius Tacitus~ There can never be a complete confidence in a power which is excessive.
Unknown~ Never lose hope.
Jean Jacques Rousseau~ Happiness a good bank account a good cook and a good digestion.
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them; he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account. -Euripides
Wilson Mizner~ God help those who do not help themselves.
Shirley MacLaine~ Dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. -Theodore Roosevelt
Rabbi Harold Kushner~ One of the most sublime experiences we can ever have to to wake up feeling healthy after we have been sick.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ We are here on earth to do good for others. What the others are here for I dont know.
Each is responsible for his own actions. -H. L. Hunt
H. Jackson Brown Jr.~ Find a job you like and you add five days to every week.
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ My friends are my estate. Forgive me then the avarice to hoard them
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ Talk not of wasted affection affection never was wasted.
Virgil~ Let us go singing as far as we go the road will be less tedious.
Danish proverb~ Lawyers and painters can soon change white to black.
Merry Browne~ The elegance of honesty needs no adornment.
William Shakespeare~ They have been at a great feast of languages and stolen the scraps.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Really to stop criticism they say one must die.
La Rochefoucauld~ The mind cannot long act the role of the heart.
The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace. In my life, what I want and what I need are exactly the same. -Pilgrims
You may pass violets looking for roses and contentment looking for victory.
Margaret Cho~ Politics has less to do with where you live than where your heart is.
Euripides~ There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course a quiet conscience.
Timothy Bible~ But thou O man of God flee these things and follow after righteousness godliness faith love patience meekness.
Marie De Vichy-Chaconne~ It is only the first step that is difficult.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. -William James
Salvador Dali~ There is only one difference between a madman and me. I am not mad.
When in charge ponder. When in trouble delegate. When in doubt mumble. -Unknown Author
Arcesilaus~ Where you find the laws most numerous there you will find also the greatest injustice.
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Mario Andretti
Pliny the Younger~ His only fault is that he has no fault.
Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them. -Aristotle
Bible~ And the work of righteousness shall be peace and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever.
Man is a peculiar creature. He spends a fortune making his home insect-proof and air-conditioned, and then eats in the yard.
Hesiod~ Even though its hard its easy.
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. -Theodore Roosevelt
Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic. -Anonymous
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it with reluctance.
Frederick W. Robertson~ It is not the situation that makes the man but the man who makes the situation.
Frank Capra~ I made some mistakes in drama. I thought the drama was when the actors cried. But drama is when the audience cries.
Good works are the fruit of salvation not the root.
Orson Welles~ I passionately hate the idea of being with it I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.
Miguel de Cervantes~ You cannot eat your cake and have your cake.
Doris Lessing~ Think wrongly if you please but in all cases think for yourself.
Truth and History involve nothing more than convincing the masses that you are right. - Jon R. Sime
Danish proverb~ Where God has his church the Devil will have his chapel.
I would rather fail in a cause that will ultimately triumph than to triumph in a cause that will ultimately fail. -Woodrow Wilson
Ursula K. LeGuin~ You cant crush ideas by suppressing them. You can only crush them by ignoring them.
George Santayana~ The body is an instrument the mind its function the witness and reward of its operation.
Sir Winston Churchill~ Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
William Shakespeare~ Good night good night parting is such sweet sorrow That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Thought creates character. -Annie Besant
Some desire is necessary to keep life in motion. -Samuel Johnson
Sir Winston Churchill~ History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Chinese Proverb~ If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
You put together the best team that you can with the players you've got, and replace those who aren't good enough. -Robert Crandall
A happy family is but an earlier heaven. -Sir John Bowring
Where God guides, He provides.
Mario M Cuomo~ I talk and talk and talk and I havent taught people in years what my father taught by example in one week.
Discipline is remembering what you want. -David Campbell
Henry Ford~ Dont find fault find a remedy.
Miles Kindera~ I think therefore I am is the statement of an intellectual who underrates toothaches.
Arnold Glasgow~ Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
When satan reminds you of your past, remind him of his future.
Confucius~ What you do not want done to yourself do not do to others.
Alexandre Dumas~ Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together at the door where the latter enters the former makes its exit.
Malcolm X~ Youre not to be so blind with patriotism that you cant face reality. Wrong is wrong no matter who does it or says it.
Sallust~ To like and dislike the same things that is indeed true friendship.
Johann von Goethe~ Love and desire are the spirits wings to great deeds.
William Arthur Ward~ A cloudy day is no match for a sunny disposition.
Woodrow Wyatt~ A man falls in love through his eyes a woman through her ears.
Oscar Wilde~ Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Knowledge is the distilled essence of our institutions, corroborated by experience. -Elbert Hubbard
Humble yourself and you shall be honored. Honor yourself and you shall be humbled. -Unknown Author
Pearl Buck~ Every great mistake has a halfway moment a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
Cicero~ He only employs his passion who can make no use of his reason.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Charm is the quality in others that makes us more satisfied with ourselves.
If the pen is mightier than the sword, and a picture is worth a thousand words, how dangerous is a fax?
Alexander Meigs Haig~ Im the only American alive or dead who presided unhappily over the removal of a vice president and a president.
Robert Frost~ The only way round is through.
Sir Winston Churchill~ Although prepared for martyrdom I preferred that it be postponed.
Mary Manin Boggs~ When we hold back on life life holds us back.
Ausonius~ Things that we hear pass quicker from our minds than what we read.
Ralph W. Sockman~ Nothing is so strong as gentleness and nothing is so gentle as real strength.
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity. -Daniel Barenboim
Sometimes God doesn't tell us His plan because we wouldn't believe it anyway. (Carlton Pearson)
Charles W. Chesnutt~ Theres time enough but none to spare.
Kevin Smith~ With what you dont know about me I could just about fill the Grand Canyon.
Kenneth Hartley Blanchard~ The key to successful leadership today is influence not authority.
Tancred~ Everything comes if a man will only wait.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. -Anthony Robbins
Kelly Barton~ Water is the most neglected nutrient in your diet but one of the most vital.
Peter P. van Oosterum~ If you do its too little. Just being will do.
David T. Wolf~ Idealism is what precedes experience cynicism is what follows.
The best argument is that which seems merely an explanation. - Dale Carnegie
Oh for godness sake, fix the pix thing...grrr
Euripides~ The wisest men follow their own direction.
Was it a rich or a smart person who said: "Money can't buy happiness."?
Give yourself something to work toward - constantly. -Mary Kay Ash
A. E. Houseman~ Three minutes thought would suffice to find this out but thought is irksome and three minutes is a long time.
Chinese Proverb~ Do not remove a fly from your friends forehead with a hatchet.
Mark Twain~ A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
John Gall~ A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked.
Francois de Fenelon~ Discouragement is simply the despair of wounded self-love.
Alighieri Dante~ For what is liberty but the unhampered translation of will into act
George Burns~ I get a standing ovation jaust standing.
Oscar Wilde~ I always like to know everything about my new friends and nothing about my old ones.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm. -Walter Chrysler
Charles De Gaulle~ You start out giving your hat then you give your coat then your shirt then your skin and finally your soul.
John MacNaughton~ Maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself.
Lowell~ Its not failure but low aim is crime.
William Jr. Strunk~ Vigorous writing is concise.
Czech Proverb~ Do not protect yourself by a fence but rather by your friends.
Love sees no colour.
Never mistake activity for achievement. -John Wooden
Archie Bunker~ God dont make no mistakes. Thats how He got to be God.
Virginia~ Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.
W. C. Fields~ Ive never struck a woman in my life not even my own mother.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. -Aldous Huxley
When we do more than we are paid to do, eventually we will be paid more for what we do. -Zig Ziglar
Michael Marino~ Friends are not the people you meet at the top they are the people who were with you at the bottom.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ It is no use saying We are doing our best. You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Jules Renard~ I finally know what distinguishes man from other beasts financial worries. - Journals
Walt Kelly~ We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can. -Unknown Author
To give without any reward, or any notice, has a special quality of its own. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Edwin Percy Whipple~ The saddest failures in life are those that come from not putting forth the power and will to succeed.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary. -Margaret Cousins
Lily Tomlin~ Why isnt there a special name for the tops of your feet
Lady Reading~ The whole point of getting things done is knowing what to leave undone.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. -Susan Ohanian
He who stands for nothing, falls for anything.
Look and you will find it. What is unsought will go undetected. -Sophocles
Herodotus~ In peace children inter their parents war violates the order of nature and causes parents to inter their children.
A bird does not sing because it has an answer - it sings because it has a song.
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'. - Sydney Harris
Stanislaw Lec~ There are grammatical errors even in his silence.
Benjamin Franklin~ Would you live with ease do what you ought and not what you please.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
Passion is in all great searches and is necessary to all creative endeavors. -W Eugene Smith
Faults are thick when love is thin.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ This Being of mine whatever it really is consists of a little flesh a little breath and the part which governs.
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I...
Robert Anson Heinlein~ The stars incline but do not impel.
Chinese Proverb~ I dreamed a thousand new paths. . . I woke and walked my old one.
Fast is fine, but accuracy is everything. -Wyatt Earp
Saint Benedict~ Listen and attend with the ear of your heart.
Born twice, die once. Born once, die twice.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. (Aldous Huxley)
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love.
Plenty of love, Tons of kisses, Hope some day, To be your Mrs.
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest. -Swedish proverb
Albert Schweitzer~ Example is not the main thing in influencing others its the only thing.
Edward H. Harriman~ Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more.
Beth Knight~ Figures wont lie but liars can figure.
Vision is not seeing things as they are, but as they will be.
When I hear somebody sigh that "Life is hard," I am always tempted to ask, "Compared to what?". -Sydney Harris
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
George Santayana~ The brute necessity of believing something so long as life lasts does not justify any belief in particular.
Aretha Franklin~ Its so glamorous you have to see it. (describing the million Rock & Roll Hall of Fame)
Leroy Robert Satchel Paige~ Dont pray when it rains if you dont pray when the sun shines.
Socrates~ Thou shouldst eat to live not live to eat.
John Dryden~ Pains of love be sweeter far Than all other pleasures are.
Never mistake motion with action. (Albert Einstein)
A good friend remembers what we were and sees what we can be. -Unknown author
Yugoslav Proverb~ If you wish to know what a man is place him in authority.
Lady Nancy Astor~ The only thing I like about rich people is their money.
Everywhere children are schooled to become masters at answering questions and to remain novices at asking them. (Dillon, 1988)
Anonymous~ Unity in things necessary liberty in things doubtful charity in everything.
There is always hope when people are forced to listen to both sides. -John Stuart Mill
Lawrence Peter Berra~ A nickel aint worth a dime anymore.
Before everything else; getting ready is the secret of success. -Henry Ford
A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have.
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will. -Anthony Robbins
People are like tea bags - You have to put them in hot water before you know how strong they are!
Nikki Giovanni~ Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts.
Madonna~ Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
Fran Lebowitz~ The controversial overachiever is someone whose grasp exceeds his reach. This is possible but not attractive.
Garrison Keillor~ God writes a lot of comedy the trouble is hes stuck with so many bad actors who dont know how to play funny.
Ralph Kiner~ Theres a lot of heredity in that family.
James Russell Lowell~ In creating the only hard thing is to begin a grass blades no easier to make than an oak.
Dante Alighieri~ If the present world go astray the cause is in you in you it is to be sought.
Casey Stengel~ The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided.
We can chart our future clearly and wisely only when we know the path which has led to the present. -Adlai E. Stevenson
Rachel Carson~ The discipline of the writer is to learn to be still and listen to what his subject has to tell him.
Persian Proverb~ It takes ten pounds of common sense to carry one pound of learning.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ A good man does not spy around for the black spots in others but presses unswervingly on towards his mark.
Pat Paulsen~ Assuming either the Left Wing or the Right Wing gained control of the country it would probably fly around in circles.
Danish proverb~ How beautiful it is to do nothing and then rest afterward.
Mao Zedong~ Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Never let a problem become an excuse!
Alice Walker~ How simple a thing it seems to me that to know ourselves as we are we must know our mothers names.
Wilson Mizner~ I respect faith but doubt is what gets you an education.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Do not worry about holding high position; worry rather about playing your proper role. -Confucius
Man, if you gotta ask you'll never know. - Louis Armstrong
My father always told me, Find a job you love and you'll never have to work a day in your life. -Jim Fox
The common people of America display a quality of good common sense which is heartening to anyone who believes in the democratic process.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again. -William E. Hickson
Robert Henri~ Cherish your own emotions and never undervalue them.
Thomas Fuller~ Two things a man should never be angry at what he can help and what he cannot help.
What lies behind ourselves and what lies ahead of ourselves are small matters compared to what lies within ourselves. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Opportunities always look bigger going than coming.
He that is over-cautious will accomplish little. -Friedrich Von Schiller
And neither shall we learn to war with ourselves anymore. -Peter Mcwilliams
Willa Sibert Cather~ I like trees because they seem more resigned to the way they have to live than other things do.
You have the power to change. -Les Brown
Be true to your teeth and they won't be false to you. -Soupy Sales
Social advance depends as much upon the process through which it is secured as upon the result itself. -Jane Addams
Madeleine LEngle~ Nothing is hopeless we must hope for everything.
H. G. Wells~ No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone elses draft.
Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it's done right. -Walt Disney
Why do we have so much enthusiasm for criticism and so much criticism for enthusiasm?
Pearl Buck~ Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
Unknown~ Pain is inevitable suffering is optional.
Randy J. Hinrichs~ Life is either a continuous process improvement or a terminal disease that we will all die from anyways.
Unknown~ Astronomers say the universe is finite which is a comforting thought for those people who cant remember where they leave things.
Howard Newton~ People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.
Asking the boss for a rise may not be patriotic, but it will help the government with the extra tax if it comes off.
Aesop~ Only cowards insult dying majesty.
Walt Whitman~ Answer That you are here - -that life exists and identity That the powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse.
Prince Klemens Wenzel Nepomuk Lothar von Metternich~ The obvious is always least understood
A man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life. -Charles Darwin
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ To have doubted ones own first principles is the mark of a civilized man.
Arthur C. Clarke~ The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Jackson Pollock~ The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through.
Just do what you do best. -Red Auerbach
Thomas Bailey Aldrich~ To me old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
Germaine Greer~ Human beings have an inalienable right to invent themselves.
Alfred Victor Vigny~ Every man has seen the wall that limits his mind.
Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain
Andr Gide~ There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.
Gerry Spence~ To freely bloom - that is my definition of success.
Aristophanes~ A man may learn wisdom even from a foe.
Victor Hugo~ Thought is the labour of the intellect reverie is its pleasure.
Paul Valery~ That which has always been accepted by everyone everywhere is almost certain to be false.
Albert Camus~ The temptation shared by all forms of intelligence cynicism.
Earnie Larsen~ Goal achievement is heros work.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.
Joyce A. Myers~ A pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Did the lawn today virtually nude. God I am so radical and wacky.
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages. -Edwin H. Stuart
Sometimes the Lord calms the storm. Sometimes He lets the storm rage and calms His child.
Little by little does the trick. -Aesop
Gustave Flaubert~ Our ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times.
Johann von Goethe~ Nothing is more damaging to a new truth than an old error.
Love the moment and the energy of the moment will spread beyond all boundaries. -Sister Corita Kent
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money. -J P Donleavy
John Steinbeck~ No one wants advice - only corroboration.
Bob Marley~ Open your eyes and look within. Are you satisfied with the life youre livin
Duke Ellington~ I merely took the energy it takes to pout and wrote some blues.
Capital isn't scarce; vision is. -Sam Walton
Joy is the feeling of grinning on the inside. -Melba Colgrove
It is easier to do a job right than to explain why you didn't. -Martin Van Buren
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ A man who enjoys responsibility usually gets it. A man who merely likes exercising authority usually loses it.
Stephen King~ Each life makes its own immitation of immortality.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Washington is a place where people praise courage and act on elaborate personal cost-benefit calculations.
Pope Pius XI~ The so-called method of co-education is false in theory and hamful to Christian training.
Alfred Bernhard Nobel~ If I have a thousand ideas and only one turns out to be good I am satisfied.
Confucius~ Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
Donald O. Rickter~ Historical reminder Always put Horace before Descartes.
There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Alva Edison
The simplest explanation is that it doesn't make sense. - Professor William Buechner
Charles Lamb~ Lawyers I suppose were children once.
English Proverb~ He that has no charity deserves no mercy.
Thomas Jefferson~ The beauty of the second amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it.
E. W. Dijkstra~ Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust. - St. Francis De Sales
Laurence J. Peter~ Slump and the world slumps with you. Push and you push alone.
Walter Winchell~ A friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them. -John H. Patterson
Aristotle~ A whole is that which has beginning middle and end.
John Bay~ Noble souls through dust and heat rise from disaster and defeat the stronger.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter. -E. E. Cummings
Italian Proverb~ Those who sleep with dogs will rise with fleas.
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. (Brian Tracy)
Chuang-tzu~ He who pursues fame at the risk of losing his self is not a scholar.
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams. -Unknown Author
Brian Tracy~ Ive found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
Patricia Sampson~ Self-reliance is the only road to true freedom and being ones own person is its ultimate reward.
Dan Quayle~ The future will be better tomorrow.
Samuel Goldwyn~ I dont want any yes-men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.
Unknown~ A gentleman is a man who can play the accordion but doesnt.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. -Dr. Laura Schlessinger
Value is what people are willing to pay for it. -John Nasibitt
By living fully, recognizing that all we do is by His power, we honor God; He in turn blesses us. -Becky Laird
When you're a winner you're always happy, but if you're happy as a loser you'll always be a loser. -Mark Fidrych
Friendship is God 's special way of beautifully expressing
Aristotle~ All proofs rest on premises.
Peter Ustinov~ Im convinced theres a small room in the attic of the Foreign Office where future diplomats are taught to stammer.
Aesop~ I will have nought to do with a man who can blow hot and cold with the same breath.
One extends one's limits only by exceeding them. -Scott M Peck
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -Franklin Roosevelt
Charlie McCarthy~ Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
Hans Christian Anderson~ Everymans life is a fairy tale written by Gods fingers.
Agnes Repplier~ People who cannot recognize a palpable absurdity are very much in the way of civilization.
What is done now, is influenced by what you did then, and will determine what you do when now is then.
Be grateful for the gifts you have rather than lament those you have not.
Martin Luther~ Anything that one imagines of God apart from Christ is only useless thinking and vain idolatry.
Common sense is only a modification of talent. Genius is an exaltation of it. The difference is, therefore, in degree, not nature.
A. J. Liebling~ People everywhere confuse what they read in newspapers with news.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ We need two kinds of acquaintances one to complain to while to the others we boast.
George Eliot~ To judge wisely we must know how things appear to the unwise.
Samuel Goldwyn~ I never put on a pair of shoes until Ive worn them at least five years.
A wise man may look ridiculous in the company of fools. (Thomas Fuller)
Charles Franklin Kettering~ The only difference between a problem and a solution is that people understand the solution.
Frantz Fanon~ Fervor is the weapon of choice for the impotent.
Albert Einstein~ Our defense is not in our armaments nor in science nor in going underground. Our defense is in law and order.
Benjamin Johnson~ Drink to me only with thine eyes And I will pledge with mine Or leave a kiss but in the cup And Ill not look for wine.
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
You know it's love when you can't fall asleep because reality is better than dreams.
Laurence Sterne~ Courtship consists in a number of quiet attentions not so pointed as to alarm nor so vague as not to be understood.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience. -Emily Dickinson
Maintenance-free: When it breaks, it can't be fixed...
Francis Bacon~ By far the best proof is experience.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ Im a lucky guy and Im happy to be with the Yankees. And I want to thank everyone for making this night necessary.
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved. -Victor Hugo
Barbara Cook~ If youre able to be yourself then you have no competition. All you have to do is get closer and closer to that essence.
Deng Xiaoping~ It doesnt matter if a cat is black or white so long as it catches mice.
Ernest Holmes~ Prepare your mind to receive the best that life has to offer.
Elbert Hubbard~ Many a mans reputation would not know his character if they met on the street.
Peter Drucker~ Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked leadership is defined by results not attributes.
Ferdinand Hodler~ When you look up at the sky you have a feeling of unity which delights you and makes you giddy.
Irish Proverb~ Twenty years a child twenty years running wild twenty years a mature man-and after that praying.
Sophocles~ Men of ill judgment oft ignore the good That lies within their hands till they have lost it.
Stephen King~ You cant deny laughter when it comes it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants.
Confucius~ He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
Making money is a hobby that will complement any other hobbies you have, beautifully. -Scott Alexander
When one is willing and eager, the Gods join in. -Aeschylus
Why must the phrase, "It is none of my business", always be followed by, but?
Sallust~ Few men desire liberty The majority are satisfied with a just master.
Ashanti Proverb~ One cannot both feast and become rich.
Sex is like nose picking. It's fine as long as you practice it yourself, but it's disgusting watching someone else doing it. (Roald Dahl)
Charles Franklin Kettering~ Where there is an open mind there will always be a frontier.
Louis D. Brandeis~ We shall have lost something vital and beyond price on the day when the state denies us the right to resort to force...
Matrix The~ Morpheus Theres a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
Joseph Addison~ A misery is not to be measure from the nature of the evil but from the temper of the sufferer.
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Benjamin McLane Spock~ Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
If innocence can leave guilt can come.
The definition of a beautiful woman is one who loves me. - Sloan Wilson
William Davis~ The kind of humor I like is the thing that makes me laugh for seconds and think for minutes.
Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough. -Robert Heller
In life, what happens to you isn't as important as what happens in you. (Anon)
Manilius~ Even pleasure itself is a toil.
Edmund Burke~ There is no safety for honest men but by believing all possible evil of evil men.~ );
Unknown~ Anger is only one letter short of danger.
John Dewey~ The good man is the man who no matter how morally unworthy he has been is moving to become better.
The harvest of old age is the recollection and abundance of blessing previously secured. -Cicero
A young child is a noise with dirt on it.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Drunkenness is nothing but voluntary madness. - Epistulae ad Lucilium
Everything you need you already have. -Wayne Oates
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Indeed history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
Unknown~ Prayer is .... the salve on the wounds of our spirit that we order from God in our moments with Him.
Do not let what you can't do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
Pythagoras~ Choose rather to be strong of soul than strong of body.
Dante Alighieri~ For what is liberty but the unhampered translation of will into act
In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity. -Albert Einstein
Floyd Dell~ Idleness is not doing nothing. Idleness is being free to do anything.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If youre a boxing referee its probably illegal to wear a bow tie that spins or changes colors.
William Shakespeare~ A man in all the worlds new fashion planted That hath a mint of phrases in his brain.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ You can often measure a person by the size of his dream.
In everything, satiety closely follows the greatest pleasures. - Marcus T. Cicero
Duffy Daugherty~ When your are playing for the national championship its not a matter of life or death. Its more important than that.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
Most of our suspicions of others are aroused by our knowledge of ourselves.
Aristotle~ Again men in general desire the good and not merely what their fathers had.
Human history is the sad result of each one looking out for himself. - Julio Cortazar
George Bernard Shaw~ We are told that when Jehovah created the world he saw that it was good what would he say now
Edmund Burke~ It is the nature of all greatness not to be exact.
I'd love to make up my mind, but I can't remember where I left it.
Albert Camus~ An intellectual is a person whose mind watches itself.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited. -Napoleon Hill
Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you. -Oscar Wilde
Thomas Mann~ It is impossible for ideas to compete in the marketplace if no forum for their presentation is provided or available.
Italian Proverb~ He who knows little quickly tells it.
Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
George Lucas~ Many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view.
William A. Ward~ Adversity cause some men to break others to break records.
I will not surrender responsibility for my life and my actions. - John Enoch Powell
Ezra Loomis Pound~ Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing. The rest is mere sheep-herding.
We can do anything we want as long as we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
Charles F. Kettering~ Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Windows: the ultimate triumph of marketing over technology.
Fanatics are the first to betray their beliefs in order to defend them.
Unknown~ Before a man can wake up and find himself famous he has to wake up and find himself.
Welcome the task that makes you go beyond yourself. -Frank Mcgee
Albert Einstein~ Common sense is that layer of prejudices which we acquire before we are sixteen.
Frank McKinney Hubbard~ The safest way to double your money is to fold it over twice and put it in your pocket.
Robert Burns~ The best laid schemes o Mice an Men Gang aft agley An leae us nought but grief an pain For promisd joy
Anne~ It could be said that the AIDS pandemic is a classic own-goal scored by the human race against itself.
Mario M Cuomo~ I have no plans and no plans to plan.
Flora Edwards~ In helping others we shall help ourselves for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat. -Sir Winston Churchill
A kind and compassionate act is often its own reward. -William John Bennett
They're only truly great who are truly good. -George Chapman
Forget the times of your distress, but never forget what they taught you. - Gesser
George Lucas~ In my experience there is no such thing as luck.
Orlando A. Battista~ An error doesnt become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
Anne Michaels~ Hold a book in your hand and youre a pilgrim at the gates of a new city.
Henry David Thoreau~ That government is best which governs least. - from Civil Disobedience
Gloria Steinem~ Happy or unhappy families are all mysterious.
Unknown~ We more frequently fail to face the right problem than fail to solve the problem we face.
Henry Van Dyke~ A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
Janis Joplin~ Dont compromise yourself. You are all youve got.
Jerry Coleman~ Edwards missed getting Stearns at third base by an eyeball.
Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. -Leonardo Da Vinci
Time between slipping on a peel and smacking the pavement: bananosecond.
George Eliot~ Speech is but broken light upon the depth Of the unspoken.
Franklin P. Jones~ All women should know how to take care of children. Most of them will have a husband some day.
Jeseph Joubert~ The evening of a well spent life brings its lamps with it.
Maya Angelou~ The need for change bulldozed a road down the center of my mind.
Money: a businessman earns it, an economist learns it, a banker turns it, a politician burns it, and a wise man spurns it.
What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things. -Margaret Meade
The opinion of the intelligent is better than the certainty of the ignorant. (Egyptian proverb)
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Can anybody remember when the times were not hard and money not scarce
Charles Augustus Lindbergh Jr.~ To a person in love the value of the individual is intuitively known. Love needs no logic for its mission.
Jewel~ I have this theory - that if were told were bad then thats the only ideal well ever have.
What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal. -Albert Pine
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ The love of learning the sequestered nooks And all the sweet serenity of books.
Age considers; youth ventures. -Rabindranath Tagore
An avalanche begins with a snowflake. -Joseph Compton
Witold Gombrowicz~ Do you want to know who you are Dont ask. Act Action will delineate and define you.
Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost(Terry Brooks)
Ursula K. LeGuin~ I doubt that imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child he would grow up to be an eggplant.
Money comes and goes, but people last for a lifetime. (Rob Shan)
William Lyon Phelps~ The fear of life is the favorite disease of the twentieth century.
Between truth and the search for it, I choose the second. - Bernard Berenson
Art Buchwald~ I worship the quicksand he walks in.
Without knowing the force of words, it is impossible to know men. -Confucius
A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means. -Henry Hazlitt
Charles Caleb Colton~ Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead It is a flame which sinks for lack of fuel.
Denis Watley~ Luck happens when oppurtunity encounters the prepared mind.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ If you must tell me your opinions tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
Chinese Proverb~ He who cannot agree with his enemies is controlled by them.
Love: the only game that two can play and both can win.
Dolly Payne Todd Madison~ I would rather fight with my hands than my tongue.
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket. -Andrew Carnegie
Marianne Williamson~ If I choose to bless another person I will always end up feeling more blessed.
Ausonius~ Truth is the mother of hatred.
Victor Borge~ The difference between a violin and a viola is that a viola burns longer.
Samuel Johnson~ There can be no friendship without confidence and no confidence without integrity.
Henry Miller~ What does it matter how one comes by the truth so long as one pounces upon it and lives by it
Jerry Seinfeld~ The whole object of comedy is to be yourself and the closer you get to that the funnier you will be.
It is not always the same thing to be a good man and a good citizen. -Aristotle
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Richard Needham~ The man who is brutally honest enjoys the brutality quite as much as the honesty. Possibly more.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. -Arthur C Clarke
Catherine de Hueck Doherty~ Acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you.
The Dhammapada~ For hatred does not cease by hatred at any time hatred ceases by love - this is an old rule.
The saddest failures in life are those that come from not putting forth the power and will to succeed. -Edwin Percy Welles
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm. -Henry David Thoreau
If the human brain was simple enough for us to understand we'd be so simple we couldn't understand.
Euripides~ Never say that marriage has more of joy than pain.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -Langston Hughes
Ralph Kiner~ The hall of fame ceremonies are on the st and nd of July.
Mary Pettibone Poole~ He who laughs lasts
W. C. Fields~ A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.
Peter Drucker~ When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Water water everywhereAnd all the boards did shrink.Water water everywhereNor any drop to drink.
Saki~ Addresses are given to us to conceal our whereabouts.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ I always thought that record would stand until it was broken.
Donald Culross Peattie~ Beauty is excrescence superabundance random ebulience and sheer delightful waste to be enjoyed in its own right.
George Santayana~ Skepticism like chastity should not be relinquished too readily.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ It seems to me that perfection of means and confusion of goals seems to characterize our age.
Julius Irving~ I demand more of myself than anyone else could ever expect.
William Reece Smith Jr.~ We must remember that a right lost to one is lost to all.
Abraham Lincoln~ All my life I have tried to pluck a thistle and plant a flower wherever the flower would grow in thought and mind.
Horace~ It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
Doris Day~ The really frightening thing about middle age is that you know youll grow out of it.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ There is nothing more dreadful than imagination without taste.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. -James Crook
William Faulkner~ If people really liked to work wed still be plowing the land with sticks and transporting goods on our backs.
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more. - David Mamet
Plautus~ He means well is useless unless he does well.
The superior man thinks only of virtue; the common man thinks only of comfort. -Confucius
Four-word story of failure: Hired, tired, mired, fired.
The world leaders in innovation and creativity will also be world leaders in everything else. -Harold R. McAlindon
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh~ One cannot collect all the beautiful shells on the beach.
Elbert Hubbard~ The recipe for perpetual ignorance is be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.
Henry David Thoreau~ Make the most of your regrets. . . . To regret deeply is to live afresh.
We have stopped being fishers of men and we are now the keepers of the aquarium.
Sydney Smith~ Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness of existence.
Nadine Gordimer~ A good scare is worth more to a man than good advice.
Anonymous~ Nobody knows the age of the human race but everybody agrees that it is old enough to know better.
Martin Mull~ The trouble with jogging is that the ice falls out of your glass.
Douglas Adams~ It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid you must also be well-mannered.
Repentance is never something to be ashamed of.
William Allen White~ I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ He who seizes the right moment is the right man.
You must have long range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short range failures. (Charles Noble)
Ronald Reagan~ I have left orders to be awakened at any time in case of national emergency even if Im in a cabinet meeting.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live. -Henry David Thoreau
A. Whitney Brown~ That is the saving grace of humor if you fail no one is laughing at you.
A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything. A choice is all that is left him. -Harry Mathews
Intercessory prayer might be defined as loving our neighbour on our knees. (Charles Brent)
Danish proverb~ The dogs kennel is not the place to keep a sausage.
A penny will hide the biggest star in the universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
Cicero~ There are some duties we owe even to those who have wronged us. There is after all a limit to retribution and punishment.
Publilius Syrus~ Never promise more than you can perform.
Turkish Proverb~ If you speak the truth keep a foot in the stirrup.
William Blake~ I was angry with my friend I told my wrath my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe I told it not my wrath did grow.
Charlotte Bronte~ Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
Blaise Pascal~ If all men knew what others say of them there would not be four friends in the world.
Gen. George Pickett~ Up men to your posts Dont forget today that you are from old Virginia.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter~ Every man has a rainy corner of his life whence comes foul weather which follows him.
Virginia Woolf~ I have lost friends some by death... others through sheer inability to cross the street.
B. J. Gupta~ Keep controlling morality of others. Yours will be automatically taken care of.
The healthy, the strong individual, is the one who asks for help when he needs it. Whether he has an abscess on his knee or in his soul.
Socrates~ Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in continue firm and constant.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ Platitudes Yes there are platitudes. Platitudes are there because they are true.
Kenneth Kaunda~ When you go in search of honey you must expect to be stung by bees.
Anon.~ Life is like a beautiful melody only the lyrics are messed up.
Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Life is not a matter of milestones but of moments.
Elbert Hubbard~ If pleasures are greatest in anticipation just remember that this is also true of trouble.
Simondes of Ceos~ Theres no joy even in beautiful Wisdom unless one have holy Health.
Ambrose of Milan~ Prayer is the wing wherewith the soul flies to heaven and meditation the eye wherewith we see God.
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power. (Charles de Gaulle)
Ovid~ So I cant live either without you or with you.
Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him. -Romain Gary
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George Bernard Shaw
Arnold Glasgow~ One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Cicero~ Natural ability without education has more often attained to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Jack Benny~ I dont deserve this award but I have arthritis and I dont deserve that either.
Thomas Hardy~ If a way to the better there be it lies in taking a full look at the worst.
Some people think holding on makes them strong, sometimes its letting go.
William Thayer Shedd~ Say what men may it is doctrine that moves the world. He who takes no position will not sway the human intellect.
F. Forrester Church~ Religion is the human response to being alive and having to die.
The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement. -Unknown author
Oscar Wilde~ Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.
Glenda Cloud~ Change is inevitable growth is intentional.
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. -Thaddeus Golas
Ostentation is the signal flag of hypocrisy. - Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Edward M. Berckman~ We are meant to be addicted to God but we develop secondary addictions that temporarily appear to fix our problem.
The battle, sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave. -Patrick Henry
Nikola Tesla~ The present is theirs the future for which I really worked is mine.
Sacha Guitry~ An ideal wife is one who remains faithful to you but tries to be just as charming as if she werent.
Robert Frost~ A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
When you're riding, only the race in which you're riding is important. -Bill Shoemaker
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
The secret of happiness is to admire without desire.
Golda Meir~ The Soviet government is the most realistic regime in the world-no ideals.
Mao Zedong~ Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.
David Williamson~ There is no one quite as angry as someone who has just lost a lot of money.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure-which is: Try to please everybody. -Herbert Bayard Swope
Bruce Lee~ If you want to do your duty properly you should do just a little more than that.
Stanley Milgram~ The disappearance of a sense of responsibility is the most far-reaching consequence of submission to authority.
Arabic Proverb~ God sells knowledge for labour - honour for risk.
If you treat every situation like a life or death matter, be prepared to die a lot of times.
Thornton~ Literature is the orchestration of platitudes.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. -General George Patton
Allegra Kent~ All we actually have is our body and its muscles that allow us to be under our own power.
Things are seldom what they seem, Skim milk masquerades as cream. - William S. Gilbert
A person without knowledge of his history is like a tree without roots.
Robert A. Heinlein~ A Libertarian Movement slogan
Barbara Tuchman~ Every successful revolution puts on in time the robes of the tyrant it has deposed.
The Belzer Rabbi~ Let a good man do good deeds with the same zeal that the evil man does bad ones.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
G. K. Chesterton~ Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies because they become fashions.
Anonymous~ To him that you tell your secret you resign your liberty.
Rita Mae Brown~ Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda and entertainment without moral passion is television.
Mickey Mantle~ I had it all and I blew it. (shortly before dying from cancer and other complications of alcoholism)
Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes. (Antisthenes)
Fred Dehner~ The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm.
Charles Simmons~ Ridicule is the first and last argument of fools.
99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George Washington Carver
Dexter Scott King~ My father said Politics asks the question Is it expedient Vanity asks Is it popular But conscience asks Is it right
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
Ellen Glasgow~ No life is so hard that you cant make it easier by the way you take it.
G. W. F. Hegel~ Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion.
Dazed and Confused~ Slater Didja ever look at a dollar bill man Theres some spooky shit goin on there. And its green too.
DisAppointments are often His Appointments.
Finite to fail, but infinite to venture. -Emily Dickinson
I've always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -Akeem Olajuwon
Luciano Pavarotti~ You dont need any brains to listen to music.
Ogden Nash~ People who have what they want are fond of telling people who havent what they want that they really dont want it.
The suspicious parent makes an artful child. -Thomas G. Halliburton
Albert Camus~ We rarely confide in those who are better than we are.
Rotarian~ If you want to test your memory try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago today.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ The triumph of justice is the only peace.
Phylicia Rashad~ Theres always something to suggest that youll never be who you wanted to be. Your choice is to take it or keep on moving.
Francis Bacon~ Anger makes dull men witty but it keeps them poor.
As long as you derive inner help and comfort from anything, keep it. -Mahatma Gandhi
No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings. -William Blake
Lin Yutang~ I have done my best. That is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ Be sincere be brief be seated.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it. -Malcolm X
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Martin
Marquis de Sade~ No kind of sensation is keener and more active than that of pain its impressions are unmistakable.
Emily Dickinson~ Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul. And sings the tune Without the words and never stops at all.
Do not worry about the future for it is not yet come. Live each day in the present and make it beautiful. -Unknown Author
Homer~ So it is that the gods do not give all men gifts of grace - neither good looks nor intelligence nor eloquence.
When you cease to dream you cease to live. -Malcolm S. Forbes
A. E. Housman~ In every American there is an air of incorrigible innocence which seems to conceal a diabolical cunning.
William Shakespeare~ He that is robbd not wanting what is stolen Let him not know t and hes not robbd at all.
Ezra Bowen~ If thee marries for money thee surely will earn it.
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you. -Deepak Chopra
German proverb~ Whose bread I eat his song I sing.
Power is the ability to do good things for others. -Brooke Astor
Mysteries are not necessarily miracles. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
He's a sure card. - John Dryden
Lisa Alther~ Just as you began to feel that you could make good use of time there was no time left to you.
A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat. (Slick's Second Universe Law)
Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea. -Robert Half
There is nothing wrong with people possessing riches. The wrong comes when riches possess people. ( Billy Graham)
Unknown~ If all the worlds a stage then where is the audience sitting
I am always busy, which is perhaps the chief reason why I am always well. -Elizabeth Cady Stanton
The world is not to be put in order, the world is order incarnate. It is for us to put ourselves in unison with this order. -Henry Miller
Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn~ A man is happy so long as he chooses to be happy and nothing can stop him.
John C. Maxwell~ A big man is one who makes us feel bigger when we are with him.
There is nothing enduring in life for a women except what she builds in a man's heart. - Judith Anderson
For your own good is a persuasive argument that will eventually make a man agree to his own destruction. - Janet Frame
Leonard I. Sweet~ The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create.
Thomas Hobbes~ Words are wise mens counters they do but reckon with them but they are the money of fools.
Chinese Proverb~ I hear and I forget I see and I remember I do and I understand.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Consciously or unconsciously we all strive to make the kind of a world we like.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ America is not merely a nation but a nation of nations.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I wouldnt bet the farm on it but Id bet the main house. I wouldnt even bet the outhouse on Mondale.
David Frost~ Television enables you to be entertained in your home by people you wouldnt have in your home.
John Witherspoon~ Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got. -Jim Rohn
Anger doesn't win games - Gary Beban
I want you to start a crusade in you life - to dare to be your best. -William Danforth
Marysarah Quinn~ A job is what we do for money work is what we do for love.
A good name, like good will, is got by many actions and lost by one. -Lord Jeffrey
Stephen Covey~ Every exaggeration of the truth once detected by others destroys our credibility and makes all that we do and say suspect.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
The ear tests words as the tongue tastes food. -The Bible, Job 34:3 NIV
Unknown~ Dont deny hope its chance to work magic
Unknown~ Try and fail but dont fail to try.
Miguel de Cervantes~ I drink when I have occasion and sometimes when I have no occasion.
William Shakespeare~ Pray you now forget and forgive.
Sir Harold George Nicolson~ We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals others by their acts.
Thomas Jones~ Friends may come and go but enemies accumulate.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -Billie Jean King
Strength lies in differences, not in similarities. -Stephen Covey
Rod Hughes~ I know of only one true failure never having tried to grow as a person. All else is simply happenstance.
Carl Sandburg~ Let the gentle bush dig its root deep and spread upward to split the boulder.
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look farther than you can see. -Winston Churchill
Learning is not compulsory but neither is survival. - W. Edwards Deming
We must obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature. -Edmund Burke
William Blake~ And because I am happy and dance and sing They think they have done me no injury.
Darrin Bell~ All you get from a circular argument is dizzy.
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. -William Blake
No executive has ever suffered because his subordinates were strong and effective. -Peter Drucker
The cheapest gift I have to give is kindness, and it is the best. (Bob Kerry)
J. Willard Marriott~ Good timber does not grow with ease the stronger the wind the stronger the trees.
I will tell you the truth as soon as I figure it out. - Wayne Birmingham
Saint Jerome~ To saints their very slumber is a prayer.
Horace~ There is measure in all things.
Kindness is more than deeds. It is an attitude, an expression, a look, a touch. It is anything that lifts another person. -C. Neil Strait
Benjamin Franklin~ There is no little enemy.
Louis~ There are some people that if they dont know you cant tell em.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Arnold Bennet
Its the moment you think you can't that you realize you can. -Celine Dion
Sigmund Freud~ From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
Trust yourself, then you will know how to live. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
If you don't have time to do it right, you must have time to do it over.
Virgil~ Trust one who has gone through it.
Bug? That's not a bug, that's a feature.
Aesop~ What a splendid head yet no brain.
James Abram Garfield~ If wrinkles must be written upon your brows let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should not grow old.
Emotion is energy in motion. -Peter Mcwilliams
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. -Epictetus
Man may dismiss compassion from his heart, but God never will. - William Cowper
William Shakespeare~ To business that we love we rise betime and go tot with delight.
Rich earn; smart learn.
Do what you can, for who you can, with what you have and where you are.
No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important. -Mary Kay Ash
I have learned that heroes are the people who do what has to be done when it needs to be done, regardless of the consequences.
Aim not for what you are, but for what you could be. -Lucas Hellmer
It's the men behind who "make" the man ahead. - Merle Crowell
Benjamin Franklin~ If you would be wealthy think of saving as well as getting.
Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread. Both contribute to make the whole picture beautiful and unique
John Keats~ Beauty is truth truth beauty - that is allYe know on Earth and all ye need to know.
A real patriot is someone who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
Mencius~ Never has a man who has bent himself been able to make others straight.
Jane Austen~ Everybody likes to go their own way - to choose their own time and manner of devotion.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. (Eleanor Roosevelt)
P. G. Wodehouse~ The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun.
Harold Bloom~ We read frequently if unknowingly in quest of a mind more original than our own.
Lewis Lew Wallace~ One is never more on trial than in the moment of excessive good fortune.
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out. -Rabindranath Tagore
Gene Fowler~ Men are not against you they are merely for themselves.
Robert Browning~ A minutes success pays the failure of years.
Ronald Reagan~ Anyone thats ever had their kitchen done over knows that it never gets done as soon as you wish it would.
You and I do not see things as they are. We see things as we are. - Herb Cohen
Common sense is genius dressed up in work clothes. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
Chester William Nimitz~ A ship is always referred to as she because it costs so much to keep one in paint and powder.
Robert Frost~ You can be a rank insider as well as a rank outsider.
Henry Ford~ Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently.
Samuel Johnson~ If you are idle be not solitary if you are solitary be not idle.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. -Joe Paterno
Anger, which, far sweeter than trickling drops of honey, rises in the bosom of a man like smoke. - Homer ("Smyrns of Chios")
Anatole France~ There is a certain impertinance in allowing oneself to be burned for an opinion.
A crumb from a winner's table is better than a feast from a loser's table!
Nozick~ Only the refusal to listen guarantees one against being ensnared by the truth.
Al Capone~ Once in the racket youre always in it.
Socrates~ He is richest who is content with the least for content is the wealth of nature.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The Earth has a skin and that skin has diseases one of those diseases is man.
When you are kind to others, it not only changes you, it changes the world. -Harold Kushner
Ted Williams~ Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
Friendship was given by nature to be an assistant to virtue, not a companion to vice. -Cicero
Quentin Crisp~ To know all is not to forgive all. It is to despise everybody.
Oscar Wilde~ One should always play fairly when one has the winning cards.
An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered. -G. K. Chesterton
Wernher von Braun~ We can lick gravity but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelming.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ It is fun to be in the same decade with you.
Cary Grant~ I improve on misquotation.
Don't protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends.
Anonymous~ I am a Marxist - of the Groucho tendency.
You gotta be hungry! -Les Brown
Vince Lombardi~ If you arent fired with enthusiasm you will be fired with enthusiasm.
You can blow out a candle, but you can't blow out a fire, once the flame begins to catch, the wind will blow it higher. (Peter Gabriel)
Sydney Harris~ Enemies as well as lovers come to resemble each other over a period of time.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy after. -Oliver Goldsmith
Boys are like parking spaces the good ones are take-in!!!!
Miguel de Cervantes~ Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
Hugh Elliott~ When a miracle happens even if not to you its nature is to naturally expand. You can almost feel the warmth on your face.
Ernest Rutherford~ All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
Leo C. Rosten~ A conservative is one who admires radicals centuries after theyre dead.
Demosthenes~ There is a great deal of wishful thinking in such cases it is the easiest thing of all to deceive ones self.
Clifford Stoll~ Why is it drug addicts and computer afficionados are both called users
Theodore Ruskin~ The highest reward for a mans toil is not what he gets for it but what he becomes by it.
Pablo Picasso~ It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
Gambling with cards, or dice, or stocks, is all one thing - it is getting money without giving an equivalent for it. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Ken Lancaster~ Learn from the past Hope for the future Live in the present.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ In nature there are neither rewards not punishments - there are consequences.
Ben Johnson~ Talking and eloquence are not the same to speak and to speak well are two things. A fool may talk but a wise man speaks.
Although fate presents the circumstances, how you react depends on your character. -Anonymous
Robert Louis Stephenson~ The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
I would rather have a million friends than a million dollars. -Edward Vernon Rickenbacker
There's no substitute for guts. -Paul Bear Bryant
Mickey Mantle~ If I knew I was going to live this long Id have taken better care of myself.
John Keats~ Heard melodies are sweet but those unheard are sweeter.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
There are 4 Santa Claus stages: When you believe in Santa. When you don't believe in Santa. When you are Santa. When you look like Santa.
Aristotle~ Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities.
Luck is when opportunity knocks and you answer. -Unknown Author
The gambling known as business looks with severe disfavor on the business known as gambling. ~ Ambrose Bierce
Hugh Prather~ Next time I will ... From now on I will ... What makes me think I am wiser today than I will be tomorrow
David Grayson~ Talk of joy there may be things better than beef stew and baked potatoes and home-made bread - there may be.
Samuel Johnson~ I look upon every day to be lost in which I do not make a new acquaintance.
May they who love you be like the sun when it rises in its strength. -The Bible, Judges 5:31
Psalm Bible~ It is vain for you to rise up early to sit up late to eat the bread of sorrows for so he giveth his beloved sleep.
Honore de Balzac~ One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ There are people in the world so hungry that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
A person is grown up not when they can take care of themselves, but when they can take care of others.
German proverb~ Who takes the child by the hand takes the mother by the heart.
Discipline is wisdom and vice versa. -Scott M Peck
Relationships can be boring - not people!
Shakti Gawain~ An affirmation is a strong positive statement that somthing is already so.
John Wanamaker~ Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted the trouble is I dont know which half.
William Plomer~ Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected.
Phish~ Cant I live while Im young
Alfred L. Kroeber~ Anthropology is the most humanistic of the sciences and the most scientific of the humanities.
Marcel Proust~ Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Bill Vaughan~ A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but wont cross the street to vote in a national election.
When a man lies, he murders some part of the world. -Merlin
Mark Twain~ Principles have no real force except when one is well-fed.
Butcher's window: Let me meat your needs.
Koran~ He deserves Paradise who makes his companions laugh.
Adolf Hitler~ The great masses of the people... will more easily fall victims to a great lie than to a small one.
Kahlil Gibran~ Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Who's General Failure and why's he reading my disk?
Marion Parker~ Be kind - Remember every one you meet is fighting a battle - everybodys lonesome.
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow. -Doug Firebaugh
Beauty is quite different from charm, beauty is what you notice in a woman, charm is when a woman notices you.
Sir Richard Francis Burton~ The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
Charles Dickens~ No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
Bible~ Ask and it shall be given you Seek and ye shall find Knock and it shall be opened unto you.
Jane Fonda~ To be a revolutionary you have to be a human being. You have to care about people who have no power.
Willa Cather~ The dead might as well try to speak to the living as the old to the young.
Willem de Kooning~ The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
Pable Casals~ I am an old man but in many senses a very young man. And this is what I want you to be young young all your life.
Mark Twain~ Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Outside noisy, inside empty. -Chinese Proverb
Lawrence Peter Berra~ It aint the heat its the humility.
Always have a plan, and believe in it. Nothing happens by accident. -Chuck Knox
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe. -Robert W. Service
God put me on earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind I will never die! -Anonymous
The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser-in case you thought optimism was dead. -Robert Brault
Robert Frost~ Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
Dorothea Brande~ Act as if it were impossible to fail.
Artemus Ward~ I have given two cousins to war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wifes brother.
Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk. -Anonymous
The Bible tells us to love our neighbours, and also to love our enemies; probably generally they are the same people. (G. K. Chesterton)
Unknown~ Everyone hates change because change brings the unknown.
The standardized American is largely a myth created not least by Americans themselves. - The Uses of Philosophy. -Irwin Edman
Aristotle~ Wishing to be friends is quick work but friendship is slow-ripening fruit.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Peter McWilliams~ Mistakes obviously show us what needs improving. Without mistakes how would we know what we had to work on
Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
One should use praise to recognize what one is not. -Elias Canetti
I write music with an exclamation point! -Richard Wagner
Ursula K. LeGuin~ What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy
Woody Allen~ I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
Herbert Clark Hoover~ Children are our most valuable natural resource.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ You got to be careful if you dont know where youre going because you might not get there.
Will Rogers~ I can remember way back when a liberal was one who was generous with his money.
James Joyce~ Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Erica Jong~ True love is like ghosts which everybody talks about and few have seen.
If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. -Arthur Schlesinger
Susan Butler Anderson~ On packing Lay out all your clothes and all your money. Then take half the clothes and twice the money.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter~ A timid person is frightened before a danger a coward during the time and a courageous person afterward.
French Proverb~ With enough ifs we could put Paris in a bottle.
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
Al Capone~ I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. -James Allen
Unknown~ A friend is someone who will help you move. A real friend is someone who will help you move a body.
Albert Einstein~ At any rate I am convinced that He God does not play dice.
William Makepeace Thackeray~ When I walk with you I feel as if I had a flower in my buttonhole.
Good intentions are like seed pods that blow away in the wind, but good acts are like the seed planted in fertile soil.
Your life works to the degree you keep your agreements. -Werner Erhardt
Brett Butler~ Dreams that do come true can be as unsettling as those that dont.
There is enough in the world for everyone to have plenty, to live happily, and to be at peace with his neighbors. -Harry Truman
Ulcers are something you get from mountain climbing over molehills.
Marilyn vos Savant~ It is my observation that being beaten is often a temporary condition that giving up is what makes it permanent.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love. - Proverb
An optimist laughs to forget, a pessimist forgets to laugh.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ A noble person attracts noble people and knows how to hold on to them.
Outer agitation reveals inner instability.
There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life. -Frederico Fellini
Friedrich von Schiller~ Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Thomas B. Macaulay~ It is possible to be below flattery as well as above it.
Professor to noisey students: "Every time I open my mouth some fool speaks."
The uncommitted life isn't worth living. - Marshall Fishwick
Samurai Proverb~ To know and to act are one and the same.
Isocrates~ Of all possessions wisdom alone is immortal.
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time. -Joe Girard
D. H. Lawrence~ hy doesnt the past decently bury itself instead of sitting waiting to be admired by the present
Horace~ Naturam expellas furca tamen usque revenit. (You may drive nature out with a pitchfork she will nevertheless come back.)
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and youre a thousand miles from the corn field.
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Samuel Johnson~ We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us.
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. -Meister Eckhardt
George Bush~ I have opinions of my own - strong opinions - but I dont always agree with them.
Vida D. Scudder~ It is through creating not possessing that life is revealed.
Sufi Proverb~ There wouldnt be such a thing as counterfeit gold if there were no real gold somewhere.
Pessimism never won any battle. -Dwight D Eisenhower
Les Brown~ Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss youll land among the stars.
Margaret Mitchell~ Until youve lost your reputation you never realize what a burden it was.
Bill Gates~ Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali~ The secret of my success is that I always managed to live to fly another day.
Michael Korda~ Success has always been easy to measure. It is the distance between ones origins and ones final achievement.
Ambrose Bierce~ Absurdity n. A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with ones own opinion.
John Anthony Ciardi~ Early to bed and early to rise probably indicates unskilled labor.
The biggest fool in the world is he who merely does his work supremely well, without attending to appearance. -Michael Korda
Archbishop Ireland~ Law is order in liberty and without order liberty is social chaos.
Publilius Syrus~ It is more tolerable to be refused than deceived.
We only grow when we step outside our comfort zone.
Kimberly Johnson~ Never ruin an apology with an excuse.
Henry David Thoreau~ No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Mignon McLaughlin~ What you cant get out of... Get into wholeheartedly.
It's great to work with somebody who wants to do things differently. - Keith Bellows
Seami Motokiyo~ Life is a lying dream he only wake Who casts the World aside.
Queen Elizabeth I~ All my possessions for a moment of time.
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. -Dr. Jonas Salk
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. (General George S. Patton, Jr)
Bob Edwards~ When Solomon said there was a time and a place for everything he had not encountered the problem of parking his automobile.
Augustus Hare~ Man without religion is the creature of circumstances.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Dante Alighieri~ All hope abandon ye who enter here
Computers follow your orders, not your intentions.
Thomas Jefferson~ The God who gave us life gave us liberty at the same time.
Louis Vermeil~ The prime purpose of eloquence is to keep other people from talking.
Doctor, doctor, my hair's coming out. Can you give me something to keep it in? Certainly - how about a paper bag?
You never see a man walking down the street with a woman who has a little pot belly and a bald spot. - Beau Brummel
Become addicted to constant and never ending self improvement. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Robert A. Heinlein~ The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
Werner Karl Heisenberg~ Not only is the universe stranger than we think it is stranger than we can think.
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems. -Lee Iococca
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Virgil~ In quarrels such as these not ours to intervene.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ If power was an illusion wasnt weakness necessarily one also
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ I am always grieved when a man of real talent dies for the world needs such men more than heaven does.
There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise. -Mary Kay Ash
Gene Brown~ Accept good advice gracefully - as long as it doesnt interfere with what you intended to do in the first place.
P. B. Medawar~ The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein it rejects it.
Frederick Locker-Lampson~ The worlds as ugly as sin and almost as delightful
Resentment is like taking poison and waiting for the other person to die. - Malachy Mccourt
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. -William Blake
If you are willing to admit you are wrong when you are wrong, you are all right.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ When they come downstairs from their Ivory Towers Idealists are very apt to walk straight into the gutter.
Wilson Mitchell~ Its not what happens to you its what you do about it that makes the difference.
Henry Kissinger~ The great tragedies of history occur not when right confronts wrong but when two rights confront each other.
Charles Lamb~ Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense and have her nonsense respected.
Frank Herbert~ The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action.
There are times when silence has the loudest voice. -Leroy Brownlow
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Confucius~ If a man takes no thought about what is distant he will find sorrow near at hand.
George Herbert~ You must lose a fly to catch a trout.
Robert Hutchins~ The policy of repression of ideas cannot work and never has worked.
Samuel Hazo~ Expect everything and anything seems nothing. Expect nothing and anything seems everything.
Clarence E. Hodges~ For today and its blessings I owe the world an attitude of gratitude.
Vincent McNabb~ Beauty is the radiance of truth and the frangrance of goodness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Ideas must work through the brains and the arms of good and brave men or they are no better than dreams.
There is no knowledge that is not power. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nikita Khrushchev~ Bombs do not choose. They will hit everything.
Jim Rohn~ Formal education will make you a living self-education will make you a fortune.
William Osler~ In science the credit goes to the man who convinces the world not to the man to whom the idea first occurs.
Gail Sheehy~ If every day is an awakening you will never grow old. You will just keep growing.
Marcel Proust~ The one thing more difficult than following a regimen is not imposing it on others.
Confucius~ The object of the superior man is truth.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ We rarely think people have good sense unless they agree with us.
Langston Hughes~ Hold fast to dreams for if dreams die life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
John J. Plomp~ You know that children are growing up when they start asking questions that have answers.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts; to believe in the heroic makes heroes. -Benjamin Disraeli
Sticks and stones can break my bones, but words can shatter my soul.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can get with just a kind word. -Willie Sutton
The freedom to be your best means nothing unless you are willing to do your best. -Colin Powell
George Burns~ I would go out with women my age but there are no women my age.
Samuel Butler~ God is Love - I dare say. But what a mischievous devil Love is
Marty Indik~ Confusion is always the most honest response.
Plodding wins the race. -Aesop
Anthony Robbins~ Stay committed to your decisions but stay flexible in your approach.
Martha Beck~ Every instance of heartbreak can teach us powerful lessons about creating the kind of love we really want.
Better a good heart than a fair face. (Japenese proverb)
Jacques Maritain~ A man of courage flees forward in the midst of new things.
Rest is the sweet sauce of labor. -Plutarch
Joseph Conrad~ Illusory joy is often worth more than genuine sorrow.
Sydney Smith~ Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.
George Bernard Shaw~ My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say and then to say it with the utmost levity.
Immature love says I love you because I need you. Mature love says I need you because I love you. -Erich Fromm
Samuel Johnson~ Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Let us endeavor to live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. -Mark Twain
Friedrich Nietzsche~ At times one remains faithful to a cause only because its opponents do not cease to be insipid.
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. -T. S. Eliot
You should make a point of trying every experience once, excepting incest and folk dancing. - Arnold Bax
Rudyard Kipling~ Fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.~ All persons living or dead are purely coincidental and should not be construed.
Mark Twain~ Denial aint just a river in Egypt.
Erich Fromm~ Mans main task is to give birth to himself.
Baltasar Gracian~ Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.
Arthur F. Sheldon~ He profits most who serves best.
Henry David Thoreau~ Our houses are such unwieldy property that we are often imprisoned rather than housed in them.
May Sarton~ The minute one utters a certainty the opposite comes to mind.
Pamela Ribon~ When something that honest is said it usually needs a few minutes of silence to dissipate.
Habit is second nature, or rather, ten times nature. -William James
J. K. Rowling~ To the well-organized mind death is but the next great adventure.
E. Joseph Crossman~ Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.
Clarence Thomas~ Government cannot make us equal it can only recognize respect and protect us as equal before the law.
Wilbur Wright~ It is possible to fly without motors but not without knowledge and skill.
Philo Vance~ The democratic theory is that if you accumulate enough ignorance at the polls you produce intelligence.
Aldous Huxley~ We participate in a tragedy at a comedy we only look.
The silence of one man can be louder than the screaming of 10 boys!
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart~ I pay no attention whatever to anybodys praise or blame. I simply follow my own feelings.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ We know better than we do. We do not yet possess ourselves.
Carrie Fisher~ Instant gratification takes too long.
John Dewey~ To find out what one is fitted to do and to secure an opportunity to do it is the key to happiness.
Charles Bukowski~ I was no petty thief I wanted the world or nothing.
Proverbs contain within one or two lines the lessons of lifetime.
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him. -German Proverb
Mary Hirsch~ Humor is a rubber sword - it allows you to make a point without drawing blood.
You cannot be anything if you want to be everything. -Solomon Schechter
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. -George S. Patton
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything. -Lee Iacocca
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. -Donald Laird
Donald Trump~ A little more moderation would be good. Of course my life hasnt exactly been one of moderation.
Have you ever noticed how the contents of a box are much more interesting before the box is opened?
Aristotle~ The basis of a democratic state is liberty.
One we discover how to appreciate the timeless values in our daily experiences, we can enjoy the best things in life. -Harry Hepner
Imagination gives you the picture. Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own. -Robert Collier
Terminator Judgment Day~ The Terminator Ill be back
Ian J. Davenport~ Its counter to common sense but common sense is only based on a very small subset of the universe.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Every revolution was first a thought in one mans mind.
Peter McWilliams~ Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do.
Man cannot discover new oceans until he has courage to lose sight of the shore. -Unknown Author
Danish proverb~ The road to a friends house is never long.
Washington Irving~ I am always at a loss to know how much to believe of my own stories.
Emiliano Zapata~ It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees
Plato~ Philosophy is the highest music.
Unknown~ Show a leg or shake a leg.
Emo Phillips~ Some mornings it just doesnt seem worth it to gnaw through the leather straps.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become. -James Allen
Reproachful speech from either side The want of argument supplied; They rail, reviled; as often ends The contests of disputing friends. - John Gay
Sue Atchley Ebaugh~ Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.
Russell Long~ Tax reform means Dont tax you dont tax me. Tax that fellow behind the tree.
Helen Hoover Santmyer~ Time - our youth - it never really goes does it It is all held in our minds.
In essentials, unity; in nonessentials, liberty; in all things, charity. (Melanchthon)
Lloyd Alexander~ We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
You can't expect people to look eye to eye with you if you are looking down on them.
Aldous Huxley~ That all men are equal is a proposition which at ordinary times no sane individual has ever given his assent.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day, but you wouldn't go scheduling your day by it would you?
Mel Brooks~ Presidents dont do it to their wives. They do it to their country.
Hope is a risk that must be run. -George Bernanos
He that toucheth pitch shall be defiled therewith; and he that hath fellowship with a proud man shall be like unto him. [Ecclesiasticus 13:1]. - Bible
Edward Teller~ Life improves slowly and goes wrong fast and only catastrophe is clearly visible.
Chilo~ The three things most difficult are to keep a secret to forget an injury and to make good use of leisure.
To hate a person is a waste; half the people you hate don't care, and the other half don't know.
Philip Skelton~ History makes us some amends for the shortness of life.
David Brink~ A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.
Albert Schweitzer~ Therefore search and see if there is not some place where you may invest your humanity.
Often, the only way to comfort the suffering is to understand that you can't understand and just be there.
It is easier to fight for our principles than it is to live up to them. -Alfred Adler
When you are in any contest you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lost it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
You don't get old, you just become a classic.
Anita Roddick~ The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you.
Were it not for hope the heart would break. -Scottish Proverb
M. C. Escher~ I dont use drugs my dreams are frightening enough.
Don't get discouraged; it's usually the last key in the bunch that opens the lock. -Unknown Author
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice. - Anonymous
Oprah Winfrey~ The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
In order to keep a true perspective of one's importance, everyone should have a dog that will worship him and a cat that will ignore him.
Thomas Jefferson~ Every man has two countries his own and France.
No man who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. -Samuel Goldwyn
Dag Hammarskjld~ It is easy to be nice even to an enemy - from lack of character.
Education begins at home. You can't blame the school for not putting into your child what you don't put into him. -Geoffrey Holder
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential. -Anthony Robbins
If evolution was true, mothers would have more than two hands.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing while others judge us by what we have already done.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Man is not the creature of circumstances. Circumstances are the creatures of men.
Deep down, I'm pretty superficial. - Ava Gardner
Persian Proverb~ Use your enemys hand to catch a snake.
A truth spoken before its time is dangerous.
Edmund Burke~ Ambition can creep as well as soar.
Unknown~ If someone betrays you once its his fault If he betrays you twice its your fault.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters. -Henry David Thoreau
The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage. -Michel Eyquem
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't. (Richard Bach)
Such is human psychology that if we don't express our joy, we soon cease to feel it. -Lin Yutang
Hakim Jami~ Love becomes perfect only when it transcends itself - Becoming One with its object Producing Unity of Being.
Bruce Lee~ One great cause of failure is lack of concentration.
G. C. Lichtenberg~ The sure conviction that we could if we wanted to is the reason so many good minds are idle.
Terry Josephson~ Never let inexperience get in the way of ambition.
Edna Buchanan~ True friends are those who really know you but love you anyway.
Heywood~ I see no wisdom in saving up indignation for a rainy day.
George Bernard Shaw~ Youth which is forgiven everything forgives itself nothing age which forgives itself everything is forgiven nothing.
Marie Henri Beyle~ One can acquire everything in solitude - except character.
William Shakespeare~ For he today that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother tomorrow.
43% of all statistics are worthless.
Thomas Hobbes~ Such truth as opposeth no mans profit nor pleasure is to all men welcome.
You cannot raise a man up by calling him down. -William Boetcker
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Real friendship is shown in times of trouble prosperity is full of friends.
Virgil~ Audentis Fortuna iuvat. (Fortune assists the bold) also Fortune favors the bold.
Probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues. -Cary Grant
Henry David Thoreau~ Rather than love than money than fame give me truth.
Lin Yutang~ Our lives are not in the lap of the gods but in the lap of our cooks.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. -Marcel Proust
Benjamin Franklin~ Anger is never without a reason but seldom a good one.
Zora Neale Hurston~ I want a busy life a just mind and a timely death.
The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes. -John Dewey
I finally made my stupid computer faster; I dropped it out of the window, and it went really fast.
Barbara Colorose~ The beauty of empowering others is that your own power is not diminished in the process.
Malcolm Forbes~ By the time weve made it weve had it.
Anon.~ If you cant beat your computer at chess try kickboxing.
Moralia~ Do not fight verbosity with words speech is given to all intelligence to few.
Eric Hoffer~ Man is the only creature that strives to surpass himself and yearns for the impossible.
Yogi Berra~ I didnt really say everything I said.
Lily Tomlin~ Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things. -Dan Quayle
Virginia Woolf~ Literature is strewn with the wreckage of men who have minded beyond reason the opinions of others.
Arabic Proverb~ The wise man speaks of what he sees the idiot of what he hears.
Frank A. Clark~ Were all generous but with different things like time money talent - criticism.
Character is like a tree and reputation its shadow. The shadow is what we think it is; the tree is the real thing. -Abraham Lincoln
John Osborne~ Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamppost what it feels about dogs.
Fair and softly goes far. -Miguel De Cervantes
Before you begin climbing that ladder of success, make sure it's leaning towards the window of opportunity you desire! -Tracy Brinkmann
Airplane~ Captain Oveur Joey do you like movies about gladiators
To make pleasures pleasant shorten them. - Charles Buxton
Saadi~ Nothing is so good for an ignorant man as silence and if he was sensible of this he would not be ignorant.
Walter Bagehot~ One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of a new idea.
George Santayana~ Life is not a spectacle or a feast it is a predicament.
A good example is the best sermon.
Japanese Proverb~ Deceive the rich and powerful if you will but dont insult them.
La Rochefoucauld~ Before we set our hearts too much on anything let us examine how happy are those who already possess it.
Mark Twain~ Wagners music is better than it sounds.
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. -J. Paul Getty
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Life is a fatal complaint and an eminently contagious one.
Ernest Leroy Boyer~ A poor surgeon hurts person at a time. A poor teacher hurts .
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ You will find rest from vain fancies if you perform every act in life as though it were your last.
Beatrix Potter~ Thank goodness I was never sent to school it would have rubbed off some of the originality.
Harriet Martineau~ Readers are plentiful thinkers are rare.
Any coward can fight a battle when he's sure of winning, but give me a man who has pluck to fight when he's sure of losing. -George Eliot
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. -Anais Nin
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ You cannot slander human nature it is worse than words can paint it.
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best. -H. Jackson Brown
Aesop~ I am sure the grapes are sour.
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?. -Jimmy Dean
Richard Bach~ Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.
Evelyn Waugh~ We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us but for ours to amuse them.
Nikita Khrushchev~ Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
Stacia Tauscher~ We worry about what a child will be tomorrow yet we forget that he is someone today.
Moshe Arens~ Never answer a hypothetical question.
Egyptian Proverb~ A mans ruin lies in his tongue.
Max Eastman~ It is the ability to take a joke not make one that proves you have a sense of humor.
Danish proverb~ The first drink with water the second without water the third like water.
J. W. Schopf~ For four-fifths of our history our planet was populated by pond scum.
James Thurber~ All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from and to and why.
Just when I was getting used to yesterday along came today.
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country. - Norman Cousins
Edwin H. Land~ Creativity is the sudden cessation of stupidity.
It's your unlimited power to care and to love that can make the biggest difference in the quality of your life. -Anthony Robbins
Bertrand Russell~ Men are born ignorant not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. -Mahatma Gandhi
Sometimes the poorest man leaves his children the richest inheritance. -Ruth E Renkel
Pretty much all the honest truth telling in the world is done by children. (Oliver Wendell Holmes)
Sydney J. Harris~ Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world. -William Shakespeare
Doug Larson~ More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on. (Robert Bloch)
Hal Borland~ I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution.
There is always a way-if you're committed. -Anthony Robbins
Chinese Proverb~ If you stand straight Do not fear a crooked shadow.
The less one has to do, the less time one finds to do it in. -Lord Chesterfield
David Harris~ Its a sad and stupid thing to have to proclaim yourself a revolutionary just to be a decent man.
Theodore Roosevelt~ In any moment of decision the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing.
L. J. Suenens~ Hope is not a dream but a way of making dreams become reality.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ It is not death that a man should fear but he should fear never beginning to live.
Robin Williams~ Youre only given a little spark of madness. You mustnt lose it.
A wife is a person who can look in the top drawer of a dresser and find a man's handkerchief that isn't there.
Sloan Wilson~ The definition of a beautiful woman is one who loves me.
Pamela Ribon~ Its sad when our daddies die. Makes us one less person inside.
Beware the fury of a patient man. -John Dryden
Denis Diderot~ There is no moral precept that does not have something inconvenient about it.
Winning has always meant much to me, but winning friends has meant the most. -Babe Didrikson Zaharias
Maria Edgeworth~ If we take care of the moments the years will take care of themselves.
William Shakespeare~ I understand a fury in your words But not the words.
The successful men of today are men of one overmastering idea, one unwavering aim, men of single and intense purpose. -Orison Swett Marden
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance. -Anonymous
William Carlos Williams~ If they give you lined paper write the other way.
Fran Lebowitz~ If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail.
Know your limits... but never stop trying to exceed them. -Unknown Author
Ninety-nine percent of who you are is invisible and untouchable. -Buckminster Fuller
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities. -Anonymous
In my room as a kid... I'd play a fighter and get knocked to the floor and come back to win. - Dustin Hoffman
George Bernard Shaw~ A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
George Bernard Shaw~ No man fully capable of his own language ever masters another.
Alexander Woollcott~ There is no such thing in anyones life as an unimportant day.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ Friendship with oneself is all-important because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Some gifts are big, others are small. Gifts from the heart are the best gifts of all. -Unknown Author
Seen on the back of a biker's vest: If you can read this, my wife fell off.
Courage is not the absence of fear. Courage is the presence of fear with the capacity to manage and overcome it.
There are three things extremely hard; steel, a diamond and to know ones self.
Aeschylus~ The meaning I picked the one that changed my life Overcome fear behold wonder.
B. B. King~ The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ In the end we will remember not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends.
H. G. Wells~ Every time I see an adult on a bicycle I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
Sir Walter Besant~ I am afraid we must make the world honest before we can honestly say to our children that honesty is the best policy.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. -Bruce Lee
The program is absolutely right; therefore the computer must be wrong.
You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing. -Andrew Jackson
What you possess in the world will be found at the day of your death to belong to someone else. But what you are will be yours forever.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. -Hans Selye
I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience. -Buckminster Fuller
Harry S Truman~ Carry the battle to them. Dont let them bring it to you. Put them on the defensive. And dont ever apologize for anything.
A "should" is a "have to" with no teeth; it is dead energy. -Ruth Ross
A real friend is someone who takes a winter vacation on a sun-drenched beach and does not send a card. (Farmer's Almanac)
Robert Orben~ If you can laugh together you can work together.
Erich Fromm~ Dreams - A microscope through which we look at the hidden occurrences in our soul.
Proverbs Bible~ He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand but the hand of the diligent maketh rich.
A man of courage flees forward in the midst of new things. -Jacques Maritain
Mark Twain~ It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
Henry Kissinger~ Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ My brother Bob doesnt want to be in government - he promised Dad hed go straight.
I close my eyes in order to see.
Never overlook wallflower at dance; may be dandelion in grass. (Confucious)
Margaret Mead~ Never believe that a few caring people cant change the world. For indeed thats all who ever have.
Mother Theresa~ Give the world the best you have and you may get hurt. Give the world your best anyway.
Casey Stengel~ Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.
Henry Ford~ Coming together is the beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.
Phyllis Diller~ Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Elbert Hubbard~ No one ever gets far unless he accomplishes the impossible at least once a day.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ A professor is one who talks in someone elses sleep.
Robert C. Pollock~ Love God and trust your feelings. Be loyal to them. Dont betray them.
Most people achieved their greatest success one step beyond what looked like their greatest failure. -Brian Tracy
Anna Quindlen~ You cannot be really first-rate at your work if your work is all you are.
Albert Schweitzer~ One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want. -Geoffrey F. Abert
Anon.~ One thing you cant recycle is wasted time.
Lord, make my words soft and tender for tomorrow I may have to eat them.
I have long been of the opinion that if work were such a splendid thing the rich would have kept more of it for themselves. -Bruce Grocott
Gary Sow~ If you dont go fishing because you thought it might rain you will never go fishing. This applies to more than fishing.
W. L. George~ Wars teach us not to love our enemies but to hate our allies.
Edward Dahlberg~ What men desire is a virgin who is a whore.
Thomas Alva Edison~ To invent you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
Kin Hubbard~ Nothing is as irritating as the fellow who chats pleasantly while hes overcharging you.
Whether zeal or moderation be the point we aim at, let us keep the fire out of the one, and the frost out of the other. -Joseph Addison
The best-dressed woman is one whose clothes wouldn't look too strange in the country. - Sir Hardy Amies
Speak when you are angry and you'll make the best speach you'll ever regret. (Lawrence J Peter)
Phocion~ Have I inadvertently said some evil thing
Alexander Pope~ Know then thyself presume not God to scanThe proper study of Mankind is Man.
Don't worry about people stealing an idea. If it's original, you will have to ram it down their throats. -Howard Aiken
A mouse trap, placed on top of your alarm clock, will prevent you from rolling over and going back to sleep when you hit the snooze button.
Peter McWilliams~ Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do.
Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity. -Walter Dill Scott
Real Live Preacher~ Its not foresight or hindsight we need. We need sight plain and simple. We need to see what is right in front of us.
Walt Whitman~ I no doubt deserved my enemies but I dont believe I deserved my friends.
Clifford Bax~ No one becomes forty without incredulity and a sense of outrage.
Eugene Delacroix~ I live in company with a body a silent companion exacting and eternal.
Eustache Descamps~ Friends are relatives you make for yourself.
John Philpot Curran~ The condition upon which God has given liberty to man is eternal vigilance.
Peter Fleming~ With the possible exception of the equator everything begins somewhere.
Wilson Mizner~ Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.
Benjamin Franklin~ He that lies down with dogs shall rise up with fleas.
Matrix The~ Trinity The answer is out there Neo and its looking for you and it will find you if you want it to.
A loving word may heal and bless.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
Moroccan Proverb~ He who has nothing to die for has nothing to live for.
Robinson Jeffers~ Pleasure is the carrot dangled to lead the ass to market or the precipice.
Joseph Wood Krutch~ Technology made large populations possible large populations now make technology indispensable.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Time is the great legalizer even in the field of morals.
Leonard Bernstein~ Im not interested in having an orchestra sound like itself. I want it to sound like the composer.
Mae West~ Youre never too old to become younger.
Learn as though you would never be able to master it; hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it. - Confucius
You can tell how big a person is by what it takes to discourage him.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying. -Woody Allen
I love being a writer. What I can't stand is the paperwork. -Peter De Vries
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. -Abraham Lincoln
Gene Wolfe~ Knowledge is soon changed then lost in the mist an echo half-heard.
Ogden Nash~ To keep your marriage brimming With love in the loving cup Whenever youre wrong admit it Whenever youre right shut up.
Francis Bacon~ It is as natural to die as to be born and to a little infant perhaps the one is as painful as the other.
My advice to you is to get married. If you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not you'll become a philosopher. (Socrates)
How to you make a dish washer into a snow blower? Give the bitch a shovel
Music is love in search of a word. - Sidney Lanier
Jimmy Durante~ I hate music especially when its played.
Men, for the sake of getting a living forget to live. -Margaret Fuller
Anon.~ Crime wouldnt pay if the government ran it.
If God is your co-pilot, switch seats with Him!
Publilius Syrus~ Fortune is like glass - the brighter the glitter the more easily broken.
Rachel Carson~ Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts.
A lifestyle is what you pay for; a life is what pays you. -Thomas Leonard
Tsutomu Shimomura~ We call things we dont understand complex but that means we havent found a good way of thinking about them.
Oscar Wilde~ One should absorb the colour of life but one should never remember its details. Details are always vulgar.
Some people dream of success... while others wake up and work hard at it. -Author unknown
Aesop~ Affairs are easier of entrance than of exit and it is but common prudence to see our way out before we venture in.
William Shakespeare~ Whats mine is yours and what is yours is mine.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it.
Ordinary people think merely of spending time. Great people think of using it. -Unknown Author
Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprung up. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
I've learned that to ignore the facts does not change the facts. - Andy Rooney
Voltaire~ Every man is guilty of all the good he didnt do.
Cicero~ Our thoughts are free.
Stewart L. Udall~ We have I fear confused power with greatness.
John Keats~ I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the hearts affection and the truth of imagination.
Arthur Hays Sulzberger~ I believe in an open mind but not so open that your brains fall out.
Blessed is he who doesn't show hatefulness over what is lost, but instead, shows gratefulness over what is left.
George Pratt Shultz~ Oh you know. I am secretary of state. My trips arent successful. I just talk to people.
Jeff Melvoin~ George Washington had a vision for this country. Was it three days of uninterrupted shopping
Jean Paul Richter~ A timid person is frightened before a danger a coward during the time and a courageous person afterward.
He that would have fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
Victor Hugo~ The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved.
Losers visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success. -Dr. Rob Gilbert
Homer~ Evil deeds do not prosper the slow man catches up with the swift.
Joe Moore~ Horse sense is what keeps horses from betting on people.
Gods Little Instruction Book~ If you dont stand up for something then youll fall for anything.
Wernher Magnus Maximilian von Braun~ I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution.
The real act of discovery is not in finding new lands, but in seeing with new eyes. (Marcel Proust)
Motivation determines what you do...
Sylvia Ashton-Warner~ Truth has beauty power and necessity.
My breasts are beautiful, and I gotta tell you, they've gotten a lot of attention for what is relatively short screen time. - Jamie Lee Curtis
Mort Walker~ Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Art is a fruit that grows in man, like a fruit on a plant, or a child in its mother's womb. -Jean Arp
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work ask him Whose
Eugene Delacroix~ Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
It is the growling man who lives a dog's life. - Coleman Cox
Today the greatest single source of wealth is between your ears. -Brian Tracy
Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor. -H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Proverb~ First Appeared in
The big shots are only the little shots who keep shooting. -Christopher Morley
Euripides~ Wealth stays with us a little moment if at all only our characters are steadfast not our gold.
Cyril Connolly~ Those whom the Gods would destroy they first call promising.
Seneca~ Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
Character is what you are in the dark. -Dwight L. Moody
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. (Epictetus)
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward. -Charlotte Bronte
Sir, I say that justice is truth in action. -Benjamin Disraeli
Ellen Frankfort~ Choice has always been a privilege of those who could afford to pay for it.
A conservative is a worshipper of dead radicals.
Life's most urgent question is, what are you doing for others? -Martin Luther King, Jr
People pick bad things from bad company very quickly but good company takes a good time to gift good things to them.
Mary Bertone~ Past and to come seem best things present worst.
Mary Bertone~ I wasnt put on this Earth to make you feel like a man.
Cullen Hightower~ Those who agree with us may not be right but we admire their astuteness.
We must travel in the direction of our fear. -John Berryman
William Shakespeare~ Jesters do often prove prophets.
Yogi Berra~ Slump I aint in no slump... I just aint hitting.
Walt Whitman~ If any thing is sacred the human body is sacred.
J. Donald Wlters~ Happiness is an attitude of mind born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.
William Arthur Ward~ Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.
George Will~ Football incorporates the two worst elements of American society violence punctuated by committee meetings.
Diane Von Furstenberg~ Life is a risk.
Alfred De Musset~ Well talk without listening to each other that is the best way to get along.
Eike von Repkow~ He who comes first eats first. Familiar as First come first served.
Madeleine LEngle~ The great thing about getting older is that you dont lose all the other ages youve been.
A hug is a great gift... one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange. (Natasha Isabelle)
King Edward VIII~ The thing that impresses me the most about America is the way parents obey their children.
Trevor Rook~ There are three rings in marriage. The engagement ring... The wedding ring... and the suffering.
One can never pay in gratitude: one can only pay in kind somewhere else in life. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
If nobody knows the troubles you've seen, then you don't live in a small town.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. -John Lennon
La Rochefoucauld~ We seldom attribute common sense except to those who agree with us.
It may be those who do most, dream most. -Stephen Leacock
The great seal of truth is simplicity. - Herman Boerhaave
Anon.~ Ama me fideliter Fidem meam noto De corde totaliter Et ex mente tota Sum presentialiter Absens in remota.
Henry David Thoreau~ The universe seems bankrupt as soon as we begin to discuss the characters of individuals.
Simone Weil~ The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say What are you going through
Saint Augustine~ Let no one flatter himself of himself he is Satan. Let man take sin which is his own and leave righteousness with God.
Unknown~ A friend is someone who reaches for your hand but touches your heart.
He who receives a good turn should never forget it; he who does one should never remember it.
Frank Sinatra~ I feel sorry for people who do not drink. When they wake up in the morning it is as good as they are going to feel all day.
Robert A. Humphrey~ An undefined problem has an infinite number of solutions.
Any man who selects a goal in life which can be fully achieved has already defined his own limitations. -Cavett Robert
Kahlil Gibran~ Generosity is giving more than you can and pride is taking less than you need.
Henry Adams~ Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self-respect.
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment. -Unknown Author
Joel Barker~ Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
Slogan of the Free Speech Movement .~ I am a student. Please do not fold spindle or mutilate me.
Be like the flower that perfumes the very hand that crushes it.
Motto of the Mulvany family~ Through struggle to the stars.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water. - Cynthia Heimel
To walk only on sunny days is to never reach ones destination. (chinese proverb)
Walter Savage Landor~ Ambition is but avarice on stilts and masked.
Tobias Wolff~ We are made to persist. Thats how we find out who we are.
Hermann Broch~ I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.
With wealth you can live in comfort. With drive you can make a comfortable living. With peace of mind, you can be comfortable in living.
Live each day as if it were your last, but learn from each day as if you will live forever.
I refuse to engage in an intellectual battle with an unarmed man.
H Hahn Blavatsky~ When he has ceased to hear the many he may discern the One - the inner sound which kills the outer.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Nobody ever outgrows Scripture the book widens and deepens with our years.
Friendship is not about who came first or who cares the most. It is all about who came in your life and never left.
Thomas Berger~ Why do writers write Because it isnt there.
Dorothy Thompson~ Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live...
Troubles are often the tools by which God fashions us for better things. -Henry Ward Beecher
All things are possible until they are proved impossible and even the impossible may only be so, as of now. -Pearl S. Buck
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. -Ben Hogan
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. -Zig Ziglar
Lyndon B. Johnson~ I seldom think of politics more than hours a day.
George Eliot~ We hand folks over to Gods mercy and show none ourselves.
Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions. -Eric Butterworth
Henry David Thoreau~ True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
Chinese Proverb~ Never write a letter while you are angry.
John Watson~ If your professor wrote it its as near to the truth as you ever need to get.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. (John Lennon)
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
Peter de Gaston Levis~ To judge the real importance of an individual we should think of the effect his death would produce.
Jack Anderson~ The incestuous relationship between government and big business thrives in the dark.
Jerry Coleman~ Theres a high pop-up behind second. Richardson has got it and hes under it.
Mark Caine~ The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
Samuel Johnson~ Learn that the present hour alone is mans.
Charles De Gaulle~ It will not be any European statesman who will unite Europe Europe will be united by the Chinese.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Which I have earned with the sweat of my brows.
Bruce Lee~ True refinement seeks simplicity.
A desire can overcome all objections and obstacles. -Gunderson
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ In England every man you meet is some mans son in America he may be some mans father.
Aristotle~ Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
Units of prayer combined, like drops of water, make an ocean which defies resistance. (E. M. Bounds)
William Ernest Hocking~ We cannot swing up on a rope that is attached only to our own belt.
Saint Augustine~ A thing is not necessarily true because badly uttered nor false because spoken magnificently.
Bertrand Russell~ The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one particularly if he plays golf.
Moe Howard~ Only fools are positive.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
Scott Adams~ Remember theres no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end.
Baslo~ Half of the worlds misery comes from ignorance. The other half comes from intelligence.
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look at what they can do when they stick together. -Vesta Kelly
Pearl Buck~ A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
Thomas Fuller~ No man can be happy without a friend nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy.
Spanish Proverb~ Take hold lightly let go lightly. This is one of the great secrets of felicity in love.
Yogi Berra~ When you come to a fork in the road take it.
Joseph Heller~ The enemy is anybody whos going to get you killed no matter which side hes on.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
Charles Du Bos~ Joy is but the sign that creative emotion is fulfilling its purpose.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Every man has a right to a Saturday night bath.
Compatible: Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source.
Alexander Hamilton~ Those who stand for nothing fall for anything.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Love is the triump of imagination over intelligence.
Other people may not have had high expectations for me... but I had high expectations for myself. -Shannon Miller
I hit the CTRL key but I'm still not in control!
George Santayana~ ... everything in nature is lyrical in its ideal essence tragic in its fate and comic in its existence.
La Rochefoucauld~ The man who lives free from folly is not so wise as he thinks.
That which is bitter to endure may be sweet to remember. -Thomas Fuller
Oscar Levant~ I am no more humble than my talents require.
Jewel~ Im becoming more and more myself with time I guess thats what grace is the refinement of your soul through time.
Henry Fielding~ Adversity is the trial of principle. Without it a man hardly knows whether he is honest or not.
David Grayson~ Looking back I have this to regret that too often when I loved I did not say so.
Kate Reid~ Acting is not being emotional but being able to express emotion.
Our toaster works on either AC or DC, but not on bread. It has two settings: too soon or too late. (Sam Levenson)
W. Somerset Maugham~ The great tragedy of life is not that men perish but that they cease to love.
Robert G. Ingersoll~ Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself.
Shimon Peres~ If a problem has no solution it may not be a problem but a fact - not to be solved but to be coped with over time.
Two things a man should never be angry at: what he can help, and what he cannot help. - Thomas Fuller
Isak Dineson~ Through all the world there goes one long cry from the heart of the artist Give me leave to do my utmost.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. -Jamie Paolinetti
Herblock's Law: if it is good, they will stop making it.
Andre Agassi~ What makes something special is not just what you have to gain but what you feel there is to lose.
Nelson Mandela~ The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
Euripides~ In this world second thoughts it seems are best.
Lao Tzu~ A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
Thomas Jefferson~ Im a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Magna Carta~ To no one will we sell to no one will we refuse or delay right or justice.
Stephen Nachmanovitch~ The most potent muse of all is our own inner child.
Homer~ Even his griefs are a joy long after to one that remembers all that he wrought and endured.
Washington Irving~ There is a healthful hardiness about real dignity that never dreads contact and communion with others however humble.
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. (Abraham Lincoln)
Jerry Coleman~ McCovey swings and misses and its fouled back
Pablo Picasso~ Everything you can imagine is real.
My wife and I were happy for 20 years. Then we met. -Rodney Dangerfield
S. Barry Lipkin~ Travel is educational it teaches you how to get rid of money in a hurry.
To understand is to perceive patterns. - Sir Isaiah Berlin
Miguel de Cervantes~ Within a stones throw of it.
Ronnie Shakes~ After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said No hablo ingles.
The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say to him, What are you going through? -Simone Weil
Woody Allen~ You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred.
Leon Blum~ The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
Dante Alighieri~ A great flame follows a little spark.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ People in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than governments.
Edgar Allan Poe~ All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream.
Fred Allen~ I have just returned from Boston. It is the only sane thing to do if you find yourself up there.
Amy Bloom~ Intimacy is being seen and known as the person you truly are.
Oscar Wilde~ One can always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing.
Baltasar Gracian~ At a man is a peacock at a lion at a camel at a serpent at a dog at an ape and at nothing.
Jonathan Swift~ When a true genius appears in this world you may know him by this sign that the dunces are all in confederacy against him.
Those who claim to always be right, are always wrong about atleast one thing. - Tala Fane
Clive Staples Lewis~ Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another What You too Thought I was the only one.
George E. Woodbury~ Always begin anew with the day just as nature does it is one of the sensible things that nature does.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -John Albert Michener
Mark Twain~ Few sinners are saved after the fiirst twenty minutes of a sermon.
It may sound strange, but many champions are made champions by setbacks. -Bob Richards
George S. Patton~ Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.
Dan Quayle~ For NASA space is still a high priority.
The longer you wait, the better the date. (Myriad Sky)
Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage.
If you plan for one year, plant rice. If you plan for ten years, plant trees. If you plan for 100 years, educate mankind. -Chinese Proverb
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't. It's that some people are ready to change and others are not. -James Gordon
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
Unknown~ If you believe in something no proof is necessary. If you dont none is sufficient.
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost. -Martina Navratilova
Alice Walker~ Helped are those who create anything at all for they shall relive the thrill of their own conception.
I want to put my sexy picture up ... it wont let me
Ausonius~ Forgive many things in others nothing in yourself.
Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molire~ It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible but also for what we do not do.
William Shakespeare~ It is not enough to help the feeble up but to support him after.
Albert Einstein~ Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Chinese Proverb~ Only the dreamer shall understand realities though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.
The commerce of the world is conducted by the strong, and usually it operates against the weak. - Henry Ward Beecher
A knock-down argument; 'tis but a word and a blow. - John Dryden
Will Rogers~ There is good news from Washington today. Congress is deadlocked and cant act.
Ernest Hemingway~ I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Unknown~ A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
Minds, like parachutes, only function when they are open.
Guests and fish start to stink after two days. (Spanish Proverb)
Child Age ~ Whenever I start getting sad about where I am in my life I think about the last words of my favorite uncle A truck
Arnold Glasgow~ Expecting something for nothing is the most popular form of hope.
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances.
Alexander Smith~ To be occasionally quoted is the only fame I care for.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.~ Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.
Somebody once figured out that we have 35 million laws trying to enforce 10 commandments.
If you want to look young and thin, hang around old fat people. -Jim Eason.
Imagination decides everything. -Blaise Pascal
Aeschylus~ Sweet is a grief well ended.
Anon.~ Sped up my XT ran it on v Works greO
Air conditioned environment - Do not open Windows!
Publilius Syrus~ How unhappy is he who cannot forgive himself.
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
Henry J. Tillman~ If youre not part of the solution youre part of the precipitate.
Johann von Goethe~ The first and last thing required of genius is the love of truth.
Beauty is also to be found in a day's work. -Mamie Sypert Burns
Grant Frazier~ Life is full of obstacle illusions.
Anthony DAngelo~ When solving problems dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves.
Belgian Proverb~ Experience is the comb that nature gives us when we are bald.
The truth shall make you free. -The Bible, John 8:32
Margot Asquith~ Truthfulness with me is hardly a virtue. I cannot discriminate between truths that and those that dont need to be told.
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ Any woman who thinks the way to a mans heart is through his stomach is aiming about inches too high.
Victor Hugo~ People do not lack strength they lack will.
Lawana Blackwell~ Outings are so much more fun when we can savor them through the childrens eyes.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions. -Earl Gray Stevens
Publilius Syrus~ While we stop to think we often miss our opportunity.
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n. -John Milton
Edward Everett Hale~ Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.
Theodore Hesburgh~ The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ We can draw lessons from the past but we cannot live in it.
Maurice Setter~ Too many people miss the silver lining because theyre expecting gold.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Nurture your mind with great thoughts to believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Jerry Coleman~ The first pitch to Tucker Ashford is grounded into left field. No wait a minute. Its ball one. Low and outside.
Ronald Reagan~ Democracy is not a fragile flower still it needs cultivating.
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green. - Thomas Carlyle
Dean Gooderham Acheson~ A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer.
Samuel Johnson~ Hope is necessary in every condition.
Mary J. Wilson~ Im never going to be a movie star. But then in all probability Liz Taylor is never going to teach first and second grade.
Albert Einstein~ To punish me for my contempt for authority fate made me an authority myself.
Douglas Noel Adams~ Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Time is relative... The mind makes it slow, the heart makes it fast, our friends make it worth while, and words... make it timeless.
The hours that make us happy make us wise. -John Mansfield
You will never leave where you are, until you decide where you'd rather be. -Dexter Yager
Titus Livius~ Men are only clever at shifting blame from their own shoulders to those of others.
Lao Tzu~ He who knows others is wise.He who knows himself is enlightened.
Amos Bronson Alcott~ Civilization degrades the many to exalt the few.
John Calhoun~ Irresponsible power is inconsistent with liberty and must corrupt those who exercise it.
Robert Benchley~ Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isnt the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment.
Diane Ravitch~ The person who knows how will always have a job. The person who knows why will always be his boss.
Ronnie Shakes~ My doctor gave me two weeks to live. I hope theyre in August.
Muriel Spark~ All my pupils are the crme de la crme. Give me a girl of an impressionable age and she is mine for life.
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change. -Pilgrims
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. -Winston Churchill
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ He that respects himself is safe from others. He wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
Anthony DAngelo~ Treasure your relationships not your possessions.
People who want the most approval get the least and people who need approval the least get the most. - Wayne Dyer
Everything you can imagine is real. -Pablo Picasso
What's meant to be will find a way. -Unknown Author
Heraclitus~ It is better to hide ignorance but it is hard to do this when we relax over wine.
Wayne W Dyer~ I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
Unknown~ After all is said and done a lot more will be said than done.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The god of the cannibals will be a cannibal of the crusaders a crusader and of the merchants a merchant.
Thomas Mann~ We dont love qualities we love persons sometimes by reason of their defects as well as of their qualities.
Robert Frost~ Youre searching Joe for things that dont exist I mean beginnings. Ends and beginnings-there are no such things.
Jack William Nicklaus~ The older you get the stronger the wind gets-and its always in your face.
Man blames fate for other accidents, but feels personally responsible when he makes a hole-in-one!
Clarence Darrow~ The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
Euripides~ Real friendship is shown in times of trouble prosperity is full of friends.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -Thomas Edison
It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot. (Anatole France)
There is no must in art because art is free. -Wassily Kandinsky
Mark Twain~ Its not that Im afraid to die I just dont want to be there when it happens.
Initiative is the ability to do the right thing- efficiency is the ability to do the thing right- effectiveness is doing the right things.
The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. -Abraham Lincoln
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission. -Zig Ziglar
Friedrich Nietzsche~ It is hard enough to remember my opinions without also remembering my reasons for them
Ray Kroc~ The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Louise Nevelson~ I have made my world and it is a much better world than I ever saw outside.
Cicero~ All action is of the mind and the mirror of the mind is the face its index the eyes.
Dorothy L. Sayers~ I always have a quotation for everything - it saves original thinking.
George Gordon Byron~ They never fail who die in a great cause.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. (Carl Bard)
Victor Hugo~ Winter is on my head but eternal spring is in my heart.
Unknown~ Pessimists are in a winwin situation whatever happens they are either always right or pleasantly suprised.
Don't be so Heavenly minded that you do no earthly good.
Xenophon~ If you consider what are called the virtues in mankind you will find their growth is assisted by education and cultivation.
John Milton~ The childhood shows the man As morning shows the day.
Home run hitters strike out a lot. -Reggie Jackson
Joan Brannon~ He who walks in anothers tracks leaves no footprints.
William Shakespeare~ Be great in act as you have been in thought.
Ann Landers~ No one has the right to destroy another persons belief by demanding empirical evidence.
No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated and disciplined. -Unknown Author
Do the AM radio stations actually change to PM stations after twelve noon?
He who can take no interest in what is small, will take false interest in what is great.
Sir Walter Besant~ Youth is a wonderful thing what a crime to waste it on children.
Adelle Davis~ As I see it every day you do one of two things build health or produce disease in yourself.
The time is always right to do what is right. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Live in the sunshine swim the sea drink the wild air
C. Neil Strait~ A man can go on without wealth and even without purpose for a while. But he will not go on without hope.
Ronald Reagan~ You can tell a lot about a fellows character by his way of eating jellybeans.
Francis Bacon~ A little philosophy inclineth mans mind to atheism but depth in philosophy bringeth mans minds about to religion.
To find yourself, think for yourself. -Socrates
Euripides~ A bad beginning makes a bad ending.
The man who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn. - Caryl Haskins
Jewish Proverb~ Dont live in a town where there are no doctors.
Alexander Graham~ Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The suns rays do not burn until brought to a focus.
Where there is no shame, there is no honor. -African Proverb
He that communicates his secret to another makes himself that other's slaves. (Baltasar Gracian)
Anon.~ Bad habits are like a comfortable bed easy to get into but hard to get out of.
Linus~ I love making friends.... its people I cant stand
Those who make the worse use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness. -Jean De La Bruyere
Johnny Carson~ My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.
Epictetus~ He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
Don't save your loving speeches for your friends till they are dead; Do not write them on their tombstones, speak them rather now instead.
The game [of poker] exemplifies the worst aspects of capitalism that have made our country so great. - Charles Lamb (used pseudonym Elia)
Thomas Alva Edison~ I am long on ideas but short on time. I only expect to live only about a hundred years.
William Shakespeare~ We do not keep the outward form of order where there is deep disorder in the mind.
If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.
Sophocles~ Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands till some one dash it from them.
Clarence Darrow~ The law is a horrible business.
Learn to think like a winner. Think positive and visualize your strengths. -Vic Braden
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. -Conrad Hilton
Park Cousins~ How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us.
Jack London~ The scab is a traitor to his God his mother and his class.
A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson
William Shakespeare~ I thank God I am as honest as any man living that is an old man and no honester than I.
Ernest Hemingway~ An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
Isaac Bashevis Singer~ Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Benjamin Franklin~ Without justice courage is weak.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor. -Andrew Carnegie
Promises are like babies.... Mostly easy to make bit hard to deliver.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ I believe the destiny of your generation-and your nation-is a rendezvous with excellence.
Aeschylus~ His resolve is not to seem but to be the best.
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
George Bernard Shaw~ Forgive him for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature
Maupassant~ A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one.
A person lives, to be loved.
Ruth Benedict~ The purpose of anthropology is to make the world safe for human differences.
La Rochefoucauld~ A true friend is the greatest of all blessings and the one which we take the least thought to acquire.
Seneca~ If one does not know to which port one is sailing no wind is favorable.
Sydney J. Harris~ Never take the advice of someone who has not had your kind of trouble.
You never finish a program, you just stop working on it.
Publilius Syrus~ In a heated argument we are apt to lose sight of the truth.
James A. Pike~ Remember that life is not measured in hours but in accomplishments.
My father told me that if you saw a man in a Rolls Royce you could be sure he was not a gentleman unless he was the chauffeur. - Earl Of Arran
Don't go through life, grow through life. -Eric Butterworth
W. Somerset Maugham~ Life wouldnt be worth living if I worried over the future as well as the present.
Louise Erdrich~ Love wont be tampered with love wont go away. Push it to one side and it creeps to the other.
John Fletcher~ Deeds not words shall speak me.
Billie Holiday~ All dope can do for you is kill you the long hard way. And it can kill the people you love right along with you.
If I play my best, I can win anywhere in the world against anybody. -Ray Floyd
Vince Lombardi~ If you cant accept losing you cant win.
Arab Proverb~ It is good to know the truth but it is better to speak of palm trees.
Charles De Gaulle~ In order to become the master the politician poses as the servant.
Jane Howard~ Call it a clan call it a network call it a tribe call it a family. Whatever you call it whoever you are you need one.
A man has nothing to loose in trying, however: he may loose if he fails to try. (Monsieur Nana Adom)
Mencius~ The great man is he who does not loose his childs heart.
The devil's in the cards, said Sam, four aces and not a single trump. - Proverb
Dorothy Parker~ If you want to know what God thinks of money just look at the people he gave it to.
Dan Cook~ The opera isnt over till the fat lady sings.
Ronnie Shakes~ I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking and then I thought What the hell good would that do
It is the passion that is in a kiss that gives to it its sweetness; it is the affection in a kiss that sanctifies it. - Christian Nevell Bovee
Thomas Arnold Bennett~ The great advantage of being in a rut is that when one is in a rut one knows exactly where one is.
Desiderius Erasmus~ War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
Tony Blair has been a petroplutocrat pal a petroplutocrat pol God give him a Road to Damascus experience today. - Krodha Vakishwari
Javan~ Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes...just be an illusion.
Lauren Bacall~ Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Let's not be narrow, nasty, and negative. -Vernon Grounds
Thomas a Kempis~ Of two evils we must always choose the least.
Jiddu Krishnamurti~ Any acceptance of authority is the very denial of truth.
Gail~ Some things arrive on their own mysterious hour on their own terms and not yours to be seized or relinquished forever.
I will not surrender responsibility for my life and my actions. -John Enoch Powell
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. - Henry David Thoreau
Classic art was the art of necessity: modern romantic art bears the stamp of caprice and chance. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
People need loving the most when they deserve it the least. - Louise Hay
John Singer Sargent~ Every time I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
Jody Weintraub~ This is the start this is not the end. To that end where do we start
Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan. -Tom Landry
To live without loving is not really to live. -Moliere
Ethics must begin at the top of an organization. It is a leadership issue and the chief executive must set the example. -Edward Hennessy
William Shakespeare~ The Possibles slow fuse is lit By the Imagination.
John Christian Bovee~ A failure establishes only this that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
You laugh because I'm different, I laugh because your all the same.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose. - Eknath Easwaran
Jerry Coleman~ Grubb goes back back... Hes under the warning track and makes the play.
Honore de Balzac~ I believe in the incomprehensibility of God.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox~ And from the discontent of one man The worlds best progress springs.
Henry J. Tillman~ Life is something that everyone should try at least once.
Martin Mull~ The town where I grew up has a zip code of E-I-E-I-O.
Elayne Boosler~ Only a weak mind seeks ultimate answers.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Miriam Makeba~ Age iswisdom if one has lived ones life properly.
Shimon Peres~ He restored the Bible to its people he restored the people to the Bible.
Failure is not an option, it comes bundled with the software.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. - John Murray
Miguel de Cervantes~ As they use to say spick and span new.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. (Soren Kierkegaard 1813-1855)
Raisa M. Gorbachev~ Hypocrisy the lie is the true sister of evil intolerance and cruelty.
Fran Lebowitz~ In real life I assure you there is no such thing as algebra.
Tony Dorsett~ To succeed... you need to find something to hold on to something to motivate you something to inspire you.
Homer~ Once harm has been done even a fool understands it.
Nobody creates a fad. It just happens. People love going along with the idea of a beautiful pig. It's like a conspiracy. - Jim Henson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Jerry Coleman~ Tito Fuentes is safe at second with a triple.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ I would rather live and love where death is king than have eternal life where love is not.
Daisy Bates~ No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her won way is without enemies.
Dante Alighieri~ A fair request should be followed by the deed in silence.
A person is only as big as the things that make them angry. (Confucius)
Plato~ Ignorance the root and the stem of every evil.
A free man is a jealous of his responsibilities as he is of his liberties. - Cyril James
Truman Capote~ I believe more in the scissors than I do in the pencil.
Jean Jacques Rousseau~ The happiest is the person who suffers the least pain the most miserable who enjoys the least pleasure.
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable. -Francis Bacon
Self confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings. -Samuel Johnson
My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
Seneca~ Where reason fails time oft has worked a cure.
Worth begets in base minds, envy; in great souls, emulation. -Henry Fielding
Sophocles~ Reason is Gods crowning gift to man.
If you haven't got the time to do it right, when will you find the time to do it over? -Jeffery J. Mayer
If I had more time I would write a shorter letter. -Blaise Pascal
The strongest principle of growth lies in human choice. -George Eliot
Carl Gustav Jung~ Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart ... Who looks outside dreams. Who looks inside awakens.
Albert Guinon~ When everyone is against you it means that you are absolutely wrong - or absolutely right.
William Frank Buckley Jr.~ Idealism is fine but as it approaches reality the cost becomes prohibitive.
It is nothing new or original to say that golf is played one stroke at a time. But it took me many years to realize it. -Bobby Jones
James Ling~ Dont tell me how hard you work. Tell me how much you get done.
Robert Frost~ A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ First and last what is demanded of genius is love of truth.
Albert Einstein~ I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
There would be no great men if there were no little ones. -George Herbert
Gore Vidal~ It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito. (Bette Reeves)
A candle brightens the world around it. Unfortunately, it creates a shadow of its own. It still serves the purpose it is meant for.
Barbara Tuchman~ To a historian libraries are food shelter and even muse.
Bible~ Faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence of things not seen.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Its asking a great deal that things should appeal to your reason as well as your sense of the aesthetic.
You are richer today if you have laughed, given or forgiven.
George Orwell~ The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal. -From a Headstone in Ireland
Chinese Proverb~ The beginning of wisdom is calling things by their right names.
Publilius Syrus~ If you refuse where you have always granted you invite to theft.
A spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar. (Benjamin Franklin)
The best way to overcome temptation is to avoid the tempting situation.
We have our brush and colors - paint Paradise and in we go. -Nikos Kazantzakis
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air. -John Quincy Adams
Solon~ In giving advice seek to help not please your friend.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ To know how to suggest is the art of teaching.
Carl Lotus Becker~ My own mind is my own church.
J. K. Rowling~ The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
David A. Cronin~ I am a firm believer of reading the horoscopes. I read all twelve pick the one that sounds the best and go with that one.
Amy Grant~ More important than talent strength or knowledge is the ability to laugh at yourself and enjoy the pursuit of your dreams.
George Herbert~ Living well is the best revenge.
A rose can say I Love You. . . orchids can enthrall. . .
Sarah McLachlan~ If you love large youve got to hurt large. If youve got a lot of light youve probably got an equal amount of darkness.
Henry Miller~ The American ideal is youth - handsome empty youth.
That which offends the ear will not easily gain admission to the mind. -Quintilian
Fran Lebowitz~ Even when freshly washed and relieved of all obvious confections children tend to be sticky.
Dan Quayle~ Murphy Brown is doing better than I am. At least she knows she still has a job next year.
David wasn't thinking of being king when he was tending sheep; he was just doing what God sat before him. -John Fisher
Herbert Gardner~ Once you get people laughing theyre listening and you can tell them almost anything.
If there are no tears in the eyes, there will be no rainbow in the soul.
Gladys Bronwyn Stern~ Silent gratitude isnt much use to anyone.
Mark Twain~ What a good thing Adam had. When he said a good thing he knew nobody had said it before.
In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
Samuel Johnson~ It matters not how a man dies but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance it lasts so short a time.
Abraham Lincoln~ Hypocrite The man who murdered his parents and then pleaded for mercy on the grounds that he was an orphan.
If at first you don't succeed, think how many people you've made happy. -H. Duane Black
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. - Leo Aikman
Black Hawk~ How smooth must be the language of the whites when they can make right look like wrong and wrong like right.
A friendship is one soul living in two bodies. -Unknown Author
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he is absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
A thought which does not result in an action is nothing much, and an action which does not proceed from a thought is nothing at all. - Georges Bernanos
Marriage is more than four bare legs in a bed. - Hoshang N. Akhtar
People who value their privileges above their principles, soon lose both.
Unknown~ Some days youre the dog and some days youre the hydrant.
Sheldon Kopp~ In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
James Arthur Baldwin~ Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.
Dan Seligman~ A raise is like a martini it elevates the spirit but only temporarily.
Rabbinical Saying~ Dont limit a child to your own learning for he was born in another time.
David Dean Rusk~ Give a member of Congress a junket and a mimeograph machine and he thinks he is secretary of state.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. -Maureen Dowd
When you do not know what you are doing and what you are doing is the best - that is inspiration. -Robert Bresson
It's not the situation... It's your reaction to the situation. -Robert Conklin
Success is not measured by what one brings, but rather by what one leaves. -Unknown
Thornton Wilder~ Life is an unbroken succession of false situations.
Lewis Grizzard~ Life is like a dogsled team. If you aint the lead dog the scenery never changes.
Assyrian Proverb~ Gossip needs no carriage.
Bhagavad Gita~ The self-controlled soul who moves amongst sense objects free from either attachment or repulsion he wins eternal Peace.
Frank Rizzo~ The streets are safe in Philadelphia its only the people who make them unsafe.
Terry Pratchett~ Tourist Rincewind had decided meant idiot.
Henry David Thoreau~ Man is the artificer of his own happiness.
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
If a turtle does not have a shell on, is he homeless or naked?
Lillian Hellman~ I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this years fashions.
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
William Butler Yeats~ An intellectual hate is the worst.
He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all. -Eleanor Roosevelt
James Albert Michener~ An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine but because people refuse to see it.
A man may fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else. -John Burroughs
Unknown~ Though its important that people know you It is more important if they think you are worth knowing.
Bertolt Brecht~ First the grub then the morals.
It is not your position that makes you happy or unhappy, it's your disposition.
Miguel de Cervantes~ It is the part of a wise man to keep himself to-day for to-morrow and not to venture all his eggs in one basket.
To succeed... You need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. -Tony Dorsett
Although they had no first aid class, Egyptians were not dummies. They knew the art of bandaging, They learned it from their Mummies.
The life given us by nature is short, but the memory of a life well spent is eternal. -Cicero
Francois Rabelais~ Now my innocence begins to weigh me down.
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
Daniel J. Boorstin~ Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
To go too far is as bad as to fall short. -Confucius
Malcolm Forbes~ Men who never get carried away should be.
Horace~ Dum loquimur invida aetas fugerit. (While we talk hostile time flies away)
Saint Augustine~ Hear the other side.
We but half express ourselves, and are ashamed of that divine idea which each of us represents. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Holly Lisle~ If you dont accept responsibility for your own actions then you are forever chained to a position of defense.
Gods Little Instruction Book~ Sorrow looks back... Worry looks around... But faith looks up.
Rob Brown~ The biggest revolutions are the ones that happen in-between our ears.
J Danforth Quayle~ If we dont succeed we run the risk of failure.
Elbert Hubbard~ He who has achieved success has worked well laughed often and loved much.
Alice James~ One has a greater sense of intellectual degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.
Desmond Tutu~ You dont choose your family. They are Gods gift to you as you are to them.
Success is a staircase, not a doorway. -Dottie Walters
George Pratt Shultz~ It was an attempt to stick the Congresss finger in King Husseins eye.
The guns and bombs, the rockets and the warships, all are symbols of human failure. -Lyndon Johnson
A computer's attention span is as long as its power cord.
Pericles~ Wait for that wisest of all counselors Time.
Medgar Evers~ You can kill a man but you cant kill an idea.
Richard Royster~ Acceptance of dissent is the fundamental requirement of a free society.
Michael J. Fox~ I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for perfection is Gods business.
Norman Vincent Peale~ Do not be awe struck by other people and try to copy them. Nobody can be you as efficiently as you can.
Maya Angelou~ While the rest of the world has been improving technology Ghana has been improving the quality of mans humanity to man.
Vladimir Nabokov~ Solitude is the playfield of Satan.
Robert Service~ Ah the clock is always slow It is later than you think.
Cato the Elder~ Lighter is the wound foreseen.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. (Ambrose Redmoon)
Operator! Trace this call and tell me where I am.
Like the bee, we should make our industry our amusement. -Oliver Goldsmith
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most.
The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them. -Robert Frost
Joe Moore~ The mind is a wonderful thing. It starts working the minute youre born and doesnt stop until you get up to speak in public.
Some people just don't take advice, they have to hit their own head off the wall to believe it will hurt!!
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ If we do not find anything very pleasant at least we shall find something new.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Democritus maintains that there can be no great poet without a spite of madness.
Lady Duff-Gordon~ Put even the plainest woman into a beautiful dress and unconsciously she will try to live up to it.
Edward Morgan Forster~ The historian must have some conceptions of how men who are not historians behave.
Don't be afraid of opposition; Remember a kite rises against, not with the wind.
Japanese Proverb~ Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law.
Bertrand Russell~ Many people would sooner die than think In fact they do so.
Japanese Proverb~ The nail that sticks out is hammered down.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Glory is fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Phillip Earl Stanhope~ The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world and not in the closet.
Publilius Syrus~ Ready tears are a sign of treachery not of grief.
Be smart, be intelligent and be informed. -Tony Allasandra
Karen Kaiser Clark~ Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
Accountability breeds response-ability. -Stephen R. Covey
Experience is a good teacher because she gives the text first, the lesson afterward. -Author unknown
Matthew Bible~ Jesus said Where two or three are gathered in my name there am I in their midst.
Ovid~ By faithful study of the nobler arts our natures softened and more gentle grows.
Good men prefer to be accountable. - Michael Edwardes
Buddha~ Of all the worldly passions lust is the most intense. All other worldly passions seem to follow in its train.
Gamal Abdel Nasser~ People do not want words-they want the sound of battle ... the battle of destiny.
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. -John Wooden
Vincent Van Gogh~ Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. - Unknown
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. -Epictetus
John C. Maxwell~ Good executives never put off until tomorrow what they can get someone else to do today.
Thomas Fuller~ No good workman without good tools.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
The cynic says, One man can't do anything. I say, Only one man can do anything. -John W Gardner
Edith Sitwell~ Good taste is the worst vice ever invented.
Andre Gide~ Dare to be yourself.
Jennifer Jones~ If you could choose one characteristic that would get you through life choose a sense of humor.
To meet my goals, I couldn't let up when I was playing tennis. -Tracy Austin
Friendship is a golden chain, the links are friends so dear, and like a rare and precious jewel It's treasured more each year.
Meditate. Live purely. Be quiet. Do your work with mastery. Like the moon, come out from behind the clouds! Shine. -Buddha
Leo Tolstoy~ Truth like gold is to be obtained not by its growth but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
John Henry Cardinal Newman~ A great memory is never made synonymous with wisdom any more than a dictionary would be called a treatise.
Mother Theresa~ Kind words are short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
Charles J. C. Lyall~ Never call an accountant a credit to his profession a good accountant is a debit to his profession.
Albert Camus~ In the depths of winter I finally learned there was in me an invincible summer.
Taylor Benson~ It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Anthony DAngelo~ The people who oppose your ideas are inevitably those who represent the established order that your ideas will upset.
W. M. Lewis~ The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon but that we wait so long to begin it.
Clifton Paul Fadiman~ We are all citizens of history.
There is in true beauty, as in courage, somewhat which narrow souls cannot dare to admire. -William Congreve
Barbara Bush~ The winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream not societys dream her own personal dream.
Bill Vaughan~ We learn something every day and lots of times its that what we learned the day before was wrong.
Unknown~ A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and sings it back to you when you have forgotten how it goes.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ If your religion does not make you holy it will damn you. It is simply painted pageantry to go to hell in.
Francis Bacon~ If we do not maintain Justice Justice will not maintain us.
A smile on your face can be felt on anothers heart. (Rhonda Marlow)
Swingers~ Trent Im making Gretzkys head bleed for super-fan over here
Ralph Bunche~ If you want to get across an idea wrap it up in a person.
The sun, reflecting upon the mud of strands and shores, is unpolluted in his beam. (J.Taylor)
Man "Your place or mine?" Woman "Both. You go to yours and I'll go to mine."
People are never too busy to tell you all that they have to do.
Frederick Douglas~ If there is no struggle there is no progress.
Paul Tillich~ The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
William Gladstone~ Justice delayed is justice denied.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Aristotle
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Samuel Goldwyn~ Lets have some new cliches.
David Starr Jordan~ Be life long or short its completeness depends on what it was lived for.
The only thing that we know is that we know nothing and that is the highest flight of human wisdom. -Leo Tolstoy
Casey Stengel~ There comes a time in every mans life and Ive had many of them.
Chinese Proverb~ If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through.
Everyone has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Bern Williams~ Sooner or later we all quote our mothers.
Thomas Szasz~ A child becomes an adult when he realizes that he has a right not only to be right but also to be wrong.
If I have seen further than others, it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants. -Sir Isaac Newton
Dr. Robert Schuller~ If you listen to your fears you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.
Naguib Mahfouz~ You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
Emma Bunton~ You cant change who you are but you can surely make the best of it. And if youve got a thought act on it.
Edith Ann~ Frankly I think the chances of having a happy childhood while youre still a kid going through it are pretty slim.
Seven days without prayer makes one weak.
A sinning man will stop praying. A praying man will stop sinning.
William Walsh~ I can endure my own despair but not anothers hope.
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -Semisonic, closing Time
John Ernst Steinbeck~ One man was so mad at me that he ended his letter Beware. You will never get out of this world alive.
George Eliot~ The strongest principle of growth lies in human choice.
Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is. -Zig Ziglar
Katharine Hepburn~ Without discipline theres no life at all.
Jerry Coleman~ At the end of six innings of play its Montreal Expos .
Bion~ Though boys throw stones at frogs in sport the frogs do not die in sport but in earnest.
William Arthur Ward~ It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.
Shakti Gawain~ When Im trusting and being myself... everything in my life reflects this by falling into place easily often miraculously.
Oh Lord, help me to keep my big mouth shut until I know what I'm talking about.
No amount of darkness can hide a spark of light.
The awakening has begun!. -William Dempsey
Again.
Sir Arthur Eddington~ If an army of monkeys were strumming on typewriters they might write all the books in the British Museum.
Arthur Schnabel~ The notes I handle no better than many pianists. But the pauses between the notes - ah that is where the art resides
Patrick Stewart~ There can be no justice so long as rules are absolute.
Nearly all men can stand adversity. But if you want to test a man's character - give him power. -Abraham Lincoln
G. K. Chesterton~ A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Pearl Bailey~ We must change in order to survive.
Oscar Wilde~ We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars.
Homer~ The difficulty is not so great to die for a friend as to find a friend worth dying for.
Wallace Stevens~ You cant depend on your judgment when your imagination is out of focus.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however. -Richard Bach
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. - Confucius
Chinese Proverb~ The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man perfected without trials.
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, I believe, three times. -Norman Vincent Peale
Galations Bible~ And let us not be weary in well doing for in due season we shall reap if we faint not.
Socrates~ The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
Rutherford D. Rogers~ Were drowning in information and starving for knowledge.
I never spit in your drink; why do you smoke in my air?
No dreamer is ever too small; no dream is ever too big. -Unknown Author
Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can. -Lowell Thomas
Johann von Goethe~ To know someone here or there with whom you can feel there is understanding in spite of distances or thoughts expressed
Seneca~ It is better of cours to know useless things than to know nothing.
Epictetus~ To a reasonable creature that alone is insupportable which is unreasonable but everything reasonable may be supported.
Mortimer Adler~ Ask others about themselves at the same time be on guard not to talk too much about yourself.
Mary Wortley Montagu~ Life is too short for a long story.
Mark Twain~ Humor is mankinds greatest blessing.
H.R. Haldeman~ We are getting into semantics again. If we use words there is a very grave danger they will be misinterpreted.
James Arthur Baldwin~ Children have never been very good at listening to their elders but they have never failed to imitate them.
Study to be what you wish to seem. - John Bate
Confucius~ Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
The Mishnah~ Say not when I have leisure I will study you may not have leisure.
If a man has common sense, he has all the sense there is. -Sam Rayburn
To love what you do and feel that it matters-how could anything be more fun. -Katherine Graham
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ It is the act of a madman to pursue impossibilities.
Publilius Syrus~ No one knows what he can do till he tries.
Richard Feynman~ For a successful technology reality must take precedence over public relations for Nature cannot be fooled.
Got to love those people profiting from Swine already!
Sir Arthur Helps~ Routine is not organization any more than paralysis is order.
Johann von Goethe~ One mans word is no mans word we should quietly hear both sides.
John Davidson Rockefeller Sr.~ Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it.
Eva Young~ To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing.
Johann von Goethe~ We must always change renew rejuvenate ourselves otherwise we harden.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Im telling you just attach a big parachute TO THE PLANE ITSELF Is anyone listening to me
Sam Rayburn~ Son always tell the truth. Then youll never have to remember what you said the last time.
Friends are as companions on a journey, who ought to aid each other to persevere in the road to a happier life. -Pythagoras
Anthony Hope~ Boys will be boys. And even that wouldnt matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Epicurus~ Pleasure is the beginning and the end of living happily.
David Letterman~ Theres no business like show business but there are several businesses like accounting.
Nowadays we are consumed by desires to buy things we do not need, with money we do not have, to impress people we do not like.
Shunryu Suzuki~ In the beginners mind there are many possibilities. In the experts mind there are few.
I've learned that being kind is more important than being right. - Andy Rooney
Benjamin Franklin~ He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
Grandparents: the people who think your children are wonderful even though they're sure you're not raising them right.
James A. Froude~ You cannot dream yourself into a character you must hammer and forge yourself one.
Marion Garretty~ Poets generally love cats - because poets have no delusions about their own superiority.
It's not what happens to you; it's what you do about it that makes the difference. -W. Mitchell
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Do well and you will have no need for ancestors.
Sir Winston Churchill~ Dont talk to me about naval tradition. Its nothing but rum sodomy and the lash.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ How many of our daydreams would darken into nightmares if there seemed any danger of their coming true
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?
Nothing is as strong as gentleness: nothing so gentle as real strength. (Ralph W. Sockman)
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. -Robert Green Ingersoll
A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy can live. -Bertrand Russell
Legouve~ A brother is a friend given by Nature.
Christina Baldwin~ Change is the constant the signal for rebirth the egg of the phoenix.
But the lies we live will always be confessed in the stories that we tell. (Orson Scott Card)
Rose Kennedy~ Birds sing after a storm why shouldnt people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them
Richard Adams~ My heart has joined the Thousand for my friend stopped running today.
Publius Ovidius NasoOvid~ The glow of inspiration warms us it is a holy rapture.
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others. -Unknown Author
Robert Greenleaf~ Good leaders must first become good servants.
Richard Adams~ The thinker dies but his thoughts are beyond the reach of destruction. Men are mortal but ideas are immortal.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. -George Bernard Shaw
I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day. - Vincent Van Gogh
Russell Baker~ The goal of all inanimate objects is to resist man and ultimately defeat him.
Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional. - M Kathleen Casey
John Steinbeck~ I know this - a man got to do what he got to do.
Isaac Asimov~ Im not a speed reader. Im a speed understander.
W. S. Gilbert~ No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have and I think hes a dirty little beast.
Franklin P. Jones~ Its a strange world of language in which skating on thin ice can get you into hot water.
Dr. Rob Gilbert~ Its all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
Be smart, but never show it. -Louis B Mayer
Ainsley Carry~ I may not be where I want to be But thank God Im not where I used to be.
What counts in making a happy marriage is not so much how compatible you are, but how you deal with incompatibility. -Leo Tolstoy
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
Carl Gustav Jung~ The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Sir Winston Churchill
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrow's good luck. -Og Mandino
William Hiram Foulkes~ Science and religion no more contradict each other than light and electricity.
Paul Klee~ Art does not reproduce the visible rather it makes visible.
G. E. Lessing~ One single grateful thought raised to heaven is the most perfect prayer.
P. J. ORourke~ Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies who like to eat theirs.
Lawyer (n): Larval stage of Politician.
Rev. Randall R. McBride Jr.~ Dont dwell on reality it will only keep you from greatness.
Man does not weave this web of life. He is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself. -Chief Seattle
Mickey Lolich~ All the fat guys watch me and say to their wives See theres a fat guy doing okay. Bring me another beer.
Henry Havelock Ellis~ The place where optimism most flourishes is the lunatic asylum.
Will Rogers~ So live that you wouldnt be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
Make crime pay, become a lawyer. (Will Rogers)
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. -Pablo Picasso
La Rochefoucauld~ We rarely think that people have good sense unless they agree with us.
Marcel Marceau~ I have spent more than half a lifetime trying to express the tragic moment.
William Butler Yeats~ Happiness is neither virtue nor pleasure nor this thing nor that but simply growth We are happy when we are growing.
Johann von Goethe~ Character in great and little things means carrying through what you feel able to do.
John Dryden~ Beware the fury of a patient man.
Rene Descartes~ The first precept was never to accept a thing as true until I knew it as such without a single doubt.
It is always easier to believe than to deny. Our minds are naturally affirmative. -John Burroughs
Euripides~ Mans best possession is a sympathetic wife.
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or doing it better. -John Updike
Emma Goldman~ Crime is naught but misdirected energy.
George Bernard Shaw~ Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history.
Eli Khamarov~ I have found it difficult to endear myself to those who could best positively affect the quality of my life.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Experience suggests it doesnt matter so much how you got here as what you do after you arrive.
Johann von Goethe~ Love is an ideal thing marriage a real thing a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
Edgar Albert Guest~ Columbus dreamed of an unknown shore at the rim of a far flung sky.
Coco Chanel~ There is time for work. And there is time for love. That leaves no other time.
Back to the Future~ Biff Tannen So why dont you make like a tree and get outta here
We always believe our first love is our last, and our last love our first. - Anonymous
Daniel J. Boorstin~ The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.
We don't know who we are until we see what we can do. -Martha Grimes
Haddon W. Robinson~ What worries you masters you.
Douglas Noel Adams~ Totally mad. Utter nonsense. But well do it because its brilliant nonsense.
If you're not going to play to win, you might as well hold the Olympics in someone's back yard. -Jessie Owens
A promise must never be broken. -Alexander Hamilton
Yogi Berra~ Half this game is mental.
The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example. -Benjamin Disraeli
Many hands make the light work. -Leroy W. Jones
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ The greater man the greater courtesy.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Death is Natures expert advice to get plenty of Life.
John F. Kennedy~ The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
Claude Adrien Helvetius~ Genius is nothing but continued attention.
Peter Drucker~ Unless commitment is made there are only promises and hopes... but no plans.
Albert Einstein~ The only reason for time is so that everything doesnt happen at once.
Dame Rose Macaulay~ At the worst a house unkept cannot be so distressing as a life unlived.
Mark L. Mika~ Always accept good fortune with grace and humility.
If I'd known I was gonna live this long. I'd have taken better care of myself. [Eubie Blake At Age 100]. - Eubie Blake
Tom Clancy~ Man is a creature of hope and invention both of which believe the idea that things cannot be changed.
George Burns~ Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
When prosperity comes, do not use all of it. - Confucius
Kurdish Proverb~ Do not throw the arrow which will return against you.
Arnold Bennett~ Always behave as if nothing had happened no matter what has happened.
John Burroughs~ The spirit of man can endure only so much and when it is broken only a miracle can mend it.
Herbert Hoover~ About the time we think we can make ends meet somebody moves the ends.
George Crane~ Congealed thinking is the forerunner of failure... make sure you are always receptive to new ideas.
Give all to love; obey thy heart. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Benjamin Franklin~ He does not possess wealth it possesses him.
Everyone knows what a hypocrite is... That's the guy who gripes about the sex, violence and nudity on his VCR. -Zig Ziglar
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three rights make a left.
You don't pay the price for success. You enjoy the price for success. -Zig Ziglar
William Faulkner~ No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ It is the failing of youth not to be able to restrain its own violence.
Dr.~ Dont smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Aesop~ Outside show is a poor substitute for inner worth.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Quintilian~ Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
Socrates~ The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
That kind of life is most happy which affords us most opportunities of gaining our own esteem. -Samuel Johnson
This became a credo of mine... attempt the impossible in order to improve your work. -Bette Davis
Laurence J. Peter~ Facts are stubborn things but statistics are more pliable.
Dean Gooderham Acheson~ The future comes one day at a time.
Alexander Hodge~ Faith must have adequate evidence else it is mere superstition.
Leib Lazarow~ Who has confidence in himself will gain the confidene of others.
Lord Byron~ Poetry is the lava of the imagination whose eruption prevents an earthquake.
Jay Leno~ You cannot be mad at somebody who makes you laugh - its as simple as that.
Dale Carnegie~ Take a chance All life is a chance. The man who goes furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Noel Coward~ Television is for appearing on - not for looking at.
John Cleese~ If you want creative workers give them enough time to play.
Clare Booth Luce~ Censorship like charity should begin at home but unlike charity it should end there.
Michel Fortin~ Do what you love and the business will follow.
Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional. -Roger Crawford
I don't need your attitude I have one of my own.
Laertius Diogenes~ It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
The distinction between a manager and a leader is as broad as the distance between control and inspiration.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability. - Marcus T. Cicero
Adam Burrell~ Dont miss out on life just to stay alive.
If you have to wash the towel after taking a shower then you didn't do the job properly!
Stobaeus~ How vain is learning unless intelligence go with it.
Buddha~ Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
Vicki Baum~ Marriage always demands the finest arts of insincerity possible between two human beings.
Jane Addams~ Civilization is a method of living an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ The crows seemed to be calling his name thought Caw.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ This ONLY is denied God The power to undo the past.
No matter how good a friend is, they're going to hurt you every once in a while and you must forgive them for that.
Robert F. Goheen~ In the realm of ideas it is better to let the mind sally forth even if some precious preconceptions suffer a mauling.
Walter Bagehot~ It is good to be without vices but it is not good to be without temptations.
Carl Sandburg~ I wont take my religion from any man who never works except with his mouth.
Like what you do. If you don't like it, do something else. -Paul Harvey
Henry David Thoreau~ Under a government which imprisons any unjustly the true place for a just man is in prison.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry. (French proverb)
H. Mumford Jones~ Ours is the age that is proud of machines that think and suspicious of men who try to.
Izaak Walton~ Good company and good discourse are the very sinews of virtue.
The Dhammapada~ Ones own self conquered is better than all other people.
Thomas Jefferson~ Health is worth more than learning.
The brilliant chief, irregularly great, Frank, haughty, rash - the Rupert of debate. - Edward George Earle Lytton Bulwer-Lytton, first Baron Lytton
Each of my days are miracles. I won't waste my day; I won't throw away miracle. -Kelley Vicstrom
Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one. (Japanese Proverb.)
Amelia Earhart~ Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Quincy Jones~ Ive always thought that a big laugh is a really loud noise from the soul saying Aint that the truth.
John Stuart Mill~ Popular opinions on subjects not palpable to sense are often true but seldom or never the whole truth.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried. (Winston Churchill)
To love is to risk getting hurt. Not to risk loving is the greatest risk of all.
Paul Tillich~ Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill his destiny.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living, the other helps you make a life. . -Sandra Carey. - Sandra Carey
Polish Proverb~ The greater love is a mothers then comes a dogs then a sweethearts.
William Blake~ I myself do nothing. The Holy Spirit accomplishes all through me.
Shirley Chisholm~ The emotional sexual and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says Its a girl.
Work with every buyer as though that person represents a thousand referrals. (Tom Hopkins)
Terminator Judgment Day~ The Terminator Come with me if you want to live.
Mark Twain~ There are times when one would like to hang the whole human race and finish the farce.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Abraham Lincoln~ He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man I ever met.
Woody Allen~ Nothing worth knowing can be understood with the mind.
Shelby Harthcock~ Loving someone is easy but losing someone is hard.
George Washington Allston~ Distinction is the consequence never the object of a great mind.
Cato the Elder~ Tis sometimes the height of wisdom to feign stupidity.
Eric J. Joiner Jr.~ No one ever promised that the fastest horse in the race was the easiest one to ride. on managing talented people
Will Rogers~ Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.
George Meredith~ Who rises from a prayer a better man his prayer is answered.
Horace Mann~ Be ashamed to die unless you have won some victory for humanity.
You become strong by defying defeat and by turning loss into gain and failure to success. -Napoleon
Jalal ud-Din Rumi~ Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
Hope is the last thing ever lost. -Italian Proverb
It is change continuing change, inevitable change that is the dominant factor in society today. -Isaac Asimov
My interest is in the future; as I'm going to be spending the rest of my life there. -Charles Kettering
My wife isn't married to me forever; she's married to me for good. That keeps me on my toes. -Mal Pancoast
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Reggie Leach
H Hahn Blavatsky~ Meditation has been defined as the cessation of active eternal thought.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success. -Dale Carnegie
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. -Peter Marshall
T. Clay Sanders~ Your love will last forever If you do not expect her to walk the same path But you look in the same direction.
Edward De Bono~ Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
Bill Lyon~ If at first you dont succeed find out if the loser gets anything.
Jonathan Swift~ A wise man should have money in his head but not in his heart.
I've go to say no to the good say yes to the best. -Zig Ziglar
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already.
Karl Kraus~ Education is what most receive many pass on and few possess.
Life's problems wouldn't be called hurdles if there wasn't a way to get over them. -Unknown Author
George Herbert~ Love and a cough cannot be hid.
Bill Cosby~ A word to the wise aint necessary - its the stupid ones that need the advice.
Galileo Galilei~ You cannot teach a man anything. you can only help him to find it for himself.
Cannot load Windows 95, Incorrect DOS Version.
Benjamin Franklin~ Well done is better than well said.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Satisfaction lies in the effort not in the attainment full effort is full victory.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning. -Ivy Baker
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention. -Diane Sawyer
German proverb~ Old birds are hard to pluck.
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty. (Sicilian Proverb)
Bishop Richard Cumberland~ It is better to wear out than to rust out.
Anon.~ Why doesnt DOS ever say EXCELLENT command or filename
Trust, but verify. - Damon Runyan
Richard Feynman~ I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
Yiddish Proverb~ Truth never dies but lives a wretched life.
Hospital is a place where they wake you up to give you a sleeping pill.
Anonymous~ Tis the advisor who suffers from bad advice.
Maurice Chevalier~ Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Life without a friend is like death without a witness. -Spanish Proverb
Alexander Pope~ Blessed is he who expects nothing for he shall never be disappointed.
Ovid~ Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it will be fish.
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Albert Einstein~ The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
Harold MacMillan~ No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother if it is both he is twice blessed indeed.
Live your life from your heart. Share from your heart. And your story will touch and heal people's souls. (Melody Beattie)
Tim McMahon~ Yes risk-taking is inherently failure-prone. Otherwise it would be called sure-thing taking.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of mortgage payments.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Elizabeth Drew~ The test of literature is I suppose whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it.
Act as if it were impossible to fail. -Dorothy Broude
Rabbi H. Schachtel~ Happiness is not having what you want but wanting what you have.
George Goethals~ Faith in the ability of a leader is of slight service unless it be united with faith in his justice.
Life is too short to be small. -Benjamin Disraeli
There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend. -Katherine Hathaway
Samuel Johnson~ It is better to suffer wrong than to do it and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.
Ivan Illich~ At the moment of death I hope to be surprised.
William James~ This life is worth living we can say since it is what we make it.
Anonymous~ Better to get up late and be wide awake than to get up early and be asleep all day.
Benjamin Franklin~ If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead either write something worth reading or do things worth writing.
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end. -Julius Erving
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ As soon as there is life there is danger.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. -Rabindranath Tagore
A man's reach should exceed its grasp. (Browning)
Fran Lebowitz~ Dont bother discussing sex with small children. They rarely have anything to add.
Dan Quayle~ I have made good judgements in the Past. I have made good judgements in the Future.
Romanian Proverb~ Adversity makes a man wise not rich.
Deeds of kindness are equal in weight to all the commandments. -The Talmud
Doug Larson~ Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have teenagers of their own.
C. Neil Strait~ Friendship is not only doing something for someone but it is caring for someone which is what every person needs.
Darius Ogden Mills~ I was taught very early that I would have to depend entirely upon myself that my future lay in my own hands.
Denise Dobbs~ Sometimes love will pick you up by the short hairs...and jerk the heck out of you.
Albert Camus~ How many crimes are committed simply because their authors could not endure being wrong.
Donald Trump~ Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Raymond Hull~ He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
If I never had a bad day, how would I know whether I was having a good day? (Lee)
Aesop~ We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Fear is excitement without breath. -Robert Heller
Ever notice that people never say "It's only a game" when they're winning? -Ivern Ball
William Butler Yeats~ Too long a sacrifice Can make a stone of the heart.
Horace~ In adversity remember to keep an even mind.
Confucius~ It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
What we do in life, echoes in eternity. (Russell Crowe, Gladiator)
Jim Miller~ The road to success is always under construction.
You have to protect the privacy of the advice you get, or you'll never get the advice you need. (Richard Nixon)
People who want by the yard, but try by the inch, should be kicked by the foot !
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods. - Harlan Ellison
Mortal love is when sensuality is satisfied. True love is when love is sacrificed. - David H.k. Leung
Unknown~ No matter how long it takes If you keep moving One step at a time You will reach the finish line...
William Shakespeare~ Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Exile for no other motive than ease would be the last defeat with no seed of future victory in it.
Nikita Khrushchev~ The more bombers the less room for doves of peace.
Lisa Hoffman~ Love is like pi - natural irrational and very important.
John Stuart Mill~ Conservatives are not necessarily stupid but most stupid people are conservatives.
A person loves, to have lived. (Michael Crowgey)
Don't wait for the hearse to take you to church.
Henry Miller~ All growth is a leap in the dark a spontaneous unpremeditated act without the benefit of experience.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Plunge boldly into the thick of life
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. -Theodore Levitt
Edward R. Murrow~ Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.
Fritz Kunkel~ To be mature means to face and not evade every fresh crisis that comes.
Anytime you suffer a setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead. -Les Brown
I wish life has a scroll back buffer.
Give to a pig when it grunts and a child when it cries, and you will have a fine pig and a bid child. (Danish Proverb)
Dan Kelly~ Tell others of the positive effects of their actions. It will help return the kindness they showed to you.
Eddie Cantor~ It takes years to make an overnight success.
I've learned that the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person. - Andy Rooney
It isn't the mountains ahead that wear you out, it's the grain of sand in your shoe. -Unknown. - Unknown
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you'll never cease to grow. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ also loved the church and gave himself up for her. [Ephesians 5:25]. - Bible
Independence is happiness. -Susan B. Anthony
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments. -Jim Rohn
Alexander Solzhenitsyn~ Own only what you can carry with you know language know countries know people. Let your memory be your travel bag.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ When you get to the end of your rope tie a knot and hang on.
Henry Ward Beecher~ To become an able and successful man in any profession three things are necessary nature study and practice.
Anon.~ Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get its what you are expected to give - which is everything.
Chris Clark~ URLs are the numbers of the s.
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ Real joy comes not from ease or riches or from the praise of men but from doing something worthwhile.
Thomas Jefferson~ Banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies.
Crime doesn't pay. . .does that mean that my job is a crime?
Do not anxiously hope for that which is not yet come; do not vainly regret what is already past. -Chinese Proverb
Edmund Wilson~ No two persons ever read the same book.
Will you look back on life and say, I wish I had, or I'm glad I did? -Zig Ziglar
Real Live Preacher~ Im telling you things are getting out of hand. Or maybe Im discovering that things were never in my hands.
Being a newspaper columnist is like being married to a nymphomaniac. It's great for the first two weeks. -Lewis Grizzard
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Matrix The~ Morpheus If real is what you can feel smell taste and see then real is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I have impeached myself by resigning.
Anon.~ Men show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they find laughable.
Andrew Lang~ You can cover a great deal of country in books.
Some folk want their luck buttered. -Thomas Hardy
Stop a moment, cease your work, and look around you. -Thomas Carlyle
William Blake~ To generalize is to be an idiot.
Publilius Syrus~ To do two things at once is to do neither.
Henry Drummond~ Instead of pointing a finger we should hold out our hand.
Think and speak the beautiful only. -Christian Larson
A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much. -Homer
George Bernard Shaw~ It is impossible for an Englishman to open his mouth without making some other Englishman hate or despise him.
Do not protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends. -Czech proverb
Alice Roosevelt Longworth~ I have a simple philosophy. Fill whats empty. Empty whats full. And scratch where it itches.
Claude Pepper~ The mistake a lot of politicians make is forgetting theyve been appointed and thinking theyve been anointed.
Abraham Lincoln~ You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much. -Elbert Hubbard
Gerard C. Eakedale~ Recognition is the greatest motivator.
You can't do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Norman MacEwan~ Happiness is not so much in having as sharing. We make a living by what we get but we make a life by what we give.
Ben Bova~ Feeding the starving poor only increases their number.
Daisaku Ideda~ With love and patience nothing is impossible.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin
Menander~ Riches cover a multitude of woes.
The sorrow which has no vent in tears may make other organs weep. -Henry Maudsley
A baby sitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
Lucan~ A crime which is the crime of many none avenge.
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week. - H.
The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. -Frances Willard
For me, elegance is not to pass unnoticed but to get to the very soul of what one is. - Christian Lacroix
Walter Benjamin~ Separation penetrates the disappearing person like a pigment and steeps him in gentle radiance.
Oscar Levant~ So little time and so little to do.
Charles Luckman~ Success is that old ABC - ability breaks and courage.
You are never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true. You may have to work for it, however. -Richard Bach
Germaine Greer~ Theres no such thing as security. There never has been.
Mae West~ When choosing between two evils I always like to try the one Ive never tried before.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ God gives us our relatives- thank God we can choose our friends.
Don't let anybody walk trough your mind with dirty feet. (Gandhi)
Judith Stern~ Experience a comb life gives you after you lose your hair.
Everyone needs to be loved . . . especially when they do not deserve it.
Work and acquire, and thou hast chained the wheel of chance. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
No problem can stand the assault of sustained thinking. -Voltaire
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Gail Sheehy~ If we dont change we dont grow. If we dont grow we arent really living.
Smiley Blanton~ The desire for success lubricates secret prostitutions in the soul.
James Stephens~ Originality does not consist in saying what no one has ever said before but in saying exactly what you think yourself.
Sarah Brady~ We are not for disarming people. When you have an epidemic its a public health issue a safety issue.
Marcel Proust~ The true paradises are paradises we have lost.
Edith Newbold Jones Wharton~ If only wed stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Thomas Jefferson
Anna Quindlen~ A finished person is a boring person.
Lao Tzu~ He who tip-toes cannot stand he who strides cannot walk.
Mark Twain~ Tomorrow night I appear for the first time before a Boston audience of critics.
Aristotle~ I have gained this by philosophy that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
Harry Gray~ No one ever achieved greatness by playing it safe.
Thomas Fuller~ One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Gambling promises the poor what property performs for the rich, something for nothing. ~ George Bernard Shaw
John A. Dix~ If anyone attempts to hall down the American flag shoot him on the spot.
Adolf Hitler~ ...obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to but only to be broken.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. -Nido Qubein
You must work, we must all work, to make the world worthy of its children. -Pablo Casals, Spanish Cellist
Anon.~ God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. -James Levin
Ulysses S. Grant~ Labor disgraces no man unfortunately you occasionally find men disgrace labor.
Leonardo DaVinci~ People react to fear not love- they dont teach that in Sunday School but its true.
Epictetus~ Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens.
Danish proverb~ If I die I forgive you If I live we shall see.
Dottie Walters~ Failure I never encountered it. All I ever met were temporary setbacks.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ Be wiser than other people if you can but do not tell them so.
It's not the having, it's the getting. -Elizabeth Taylor
Cullen Hightower~ The true measure of your worth includes all the benefits others have gained from your success.
Walter Stegner~ Most things break including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to wisdom but to scar tissue and callus.
Carol Burnett~ I have always grown from my problems and challenges from the things that dont work out thats when Ive really learned.
The tallest trees are most in the power of the winds, and ambitious men of the blasts of fortune. -William Penn
Ivern Ball~ A politician is a person who can make waves and then make you think hes the only one who can save the ship.
Hard things are put in our way, not to stop us, but to call out our courage and strength. -Unknown Author
Why do they leave out the letter b on "Garage Sale" signs?
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Jewish Proverb~ The only truly dead are those who have been forgotten.
Anonymous~ The best defense against the atom bomb is not to be there when it goes off.
Phyllis Mcginley~ Sticks and stones are hard on bones aimed with angry art words can sting like anything but silence breaks the heart.
Joey Adams~ A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more. -Anthony Robbins
Two great things you can give your children: one is roots, the other is wings. -Hodding Carter
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ The want of goods is easily repaired but the poverty of the soul is irreparable.
Douglas Noel Adams~ Time is an illusion lunchtime doubly so.
Benjamin Franklin~ Lifes Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ It is not how much we have but how much we enjoy that makes happiness.
George Will~ The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement.
Dan Salomon~ Sometimes it pays to stay in bed in Monday rather than spending the rest of the week debuging Mondays code.
Percy H. Johnson~ You are not likely to get anywhere in particular if you dont know where you want to go.
Confucius~ What the superior man seeks is in himself what the small man seeks is in others.
Michael Konda~ The fastest way to succeed is to look as if youre playing by somebody elses rules while quietly playing by your own.
Aeschylus~ For somehow this is tyrannys disease to trust no friends.
A goal is a dream with a deadline. -Napoleon Hill
When I'm right no-one remembers, when I'm wrong no-one forgets.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ To be great is to be misunderstood.
He that waits upon fortune is never sure of a dinner. -Benjamin Franklin
Chinese Proverb~ When eating bamboo sprouts remember the man who planted them.
Ted W. Engstrom~ The rewards for those who persevere far exceed the pain that must precede the victory.
Seneca~ It is the sign of a week mind to be unable to bear wealth.
Claire Huchet Bishop~ Authentic Christianity never destroys what is good. It makes it grow transfigures it and enriches itself from it.
Children are natural mimics. They act like their parents in spite of every attempt to teach them good manners.
Philip~ Making a wrong decision is understandable. Refusing to search continually for learning is not.
Kahlil Gibran~ Fear of the devil is one way of doubting God.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ In heaven all the interesting people are missing.
I don't understand you. You don't understand me. What else do we have in common? - Ashleigh
Real wealth is ideas plus energy. -Buckminster Fuller
Chinese Proverb~ If you are rich you speak the truth if you are poor your words are but lies.
If you set the example, you won't need to set many rules. (Mama Zigler)
Johann von Goethe~ Death is Natures expert advice to get plenty of Life.
George Gordon Byron~ Those who will not reason are bigots those who cannot are fools and those who dare not are slaves.
Alexander Michael~ Knowing that I am not the one in control gives great encouragement. Knowing the One who is in control is everything.
Hippocrates~ Things that are holy are revealed only to men who are holy.
George Orwell~ Orthodoxy is Unconsciousness.
Ben Jonson~ Be not ashamed of thy virtues honors a good brooch to wear in a mans hat at all times.
We should keep so close to the facts that we never have to remember the second time what we said the first time. (F. Marion Smith)
Craig Volk~ Id rather get my brains blown out in the wild than wait in terror at the slaughterhouse.
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together. (Vista M. Kelly)
If you look for the worst in people and expect to find it, you surely will. -Abraham Lincoln
Assyrian Proverb~ There is no shame in not knowing the shame lies in not finding out.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ Small minds are much distressed by little things. Great minds see them all but are not upset by them.
James Lileks~ I want to believe in intelligent design and hence I am suspicious of anything that seems to confirm my desire to believe.
Doris Lessing~ Laughter is by definition healthy.
The human race is governed by its imagination. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Carl Jung~ Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Rail-splitting produced an immortal president in Lincoln, but golf hasn't produced even a good Congressman. -Will Rogers
H.L. Mencken~ It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.
Anonymous~ God is not dead but alive and well and working on a much less ambitious project.
While they were saying among themselves it cannot be done, it was done. -Helen Keller
Kahlil Gibran~ When we turn to one another for counsel we reduce the number of our enemies.
Susan S. Taylor~ Occasionally I have to think like myself to remember where I put something.
Nick Diamos~ Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
The pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts: and the great art of life is to have as many of them as possible. -Montaigne
George Jean Nathan~ Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
Johann Kepler~ I much prefer the sharpest criticism of a single intelligent man to the thoughtless approval of the masses.
Victor Hugo~ He who opens a school door closes a prison.
John Ciardi~ You dont have to suffer to be a poet adolescence is enough suffering for anyone.
Jerry Coleman~ Ive made a couple of mistakes Id like to do over.
Be amusing: never tell unkind stories; above all, never tell long ones. -Benjamin Disraeli
Aldous Huxley~ Experience is not what happens to a man it is what a man does with what happens to him.
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married. -Katherine Hepburn
Mother Theresa~ Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness.
Quotations are sometimes valuable pearls, but original thoughts can be priceless treasure.
Opportunities are never lost; they are taken by others. -Unknown Author
Chinese Proverb~ If you see in your wine the reflection of a person not in your range of vision dont drink it.
Muhammad Ali~ Float like a butterfly sting like a bee.
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better. (William Shakespeare)
Cecil B. DeMille~ Creativity is a drug I cannot live without.
Ralph Hodgson~ Some things have to be believed to be seen.
Douglas Adams~ Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. -Theodore Roosevelt
Irwin Shaw~ There are too many books I havent read too many places I havent seen too many memories I havent kept long enough.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. -Og Mandino
Vincent Van Gogh~ The best way to know God is to love many things.
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ A moments insight is sometimes worth a lifes experience.
Edmund Spenser~ What more felicity can fall to creature than to enjoy delight with liberty.
B. B. Warfield~ A firm faith in the universal providence of God is the solution of all earthly troubles.
Joseph Conrad~ The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ To be pleased with ones limits is a wretched state.
He, who doesn't hope to win has already lost. (Simon Bolivar)
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.~ );
La Rochefoucauld~ A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. - Confucius
Management is nothing more than motivating other people. -Lee Iacocca
Susan Jeffers~ We cannot escape fear. We can only transform it into a companion that accompanies us on all our exciting adventures.
There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late. -Og Mandino
Ronald Reagan~ I just dont think its good for us to be run out of town. (Refusing to cancel Secretary of State visit to Moscow)
Chance is a word void of sense; nothing can exist without a cause. -Voltaire
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today. -Benjamin Franklin
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Lord Chesterfield~ Choose your pleasures for yourself and do not let them be imposed upon you.
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Not every age is fit for childish sports.
Buddha~ Do not dwell in the past do not dream of the future concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Remember, people will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold - but so does a hard-boiled egg. - Anonymous
One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture and, if possible, speak a few reasonable words.
Horace~ Mix a little foolishness with your prudence Its good to be silly at the right moment.
Stella Terrill Mann~ Desire ask believe receive.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A chief event in life is the day in which we have encountered a mind that startled us.
John Bible~ By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples if ye have love one to another.
A conservative is a politician who wants to keep what the liberals fought for a generation ago.
If boyhood and youth are but vanity, must it not be our ambition to become men? -Vincent Van Gogh
Ring Lardner~ Ive known what it is to be hungry but I always went right to a restaurant.
Daniel Defoe~ The best of men cannot suspend their fate The good die early and the bad die late.
Dutch Proverb~ When two quarrel both are to blame.
P. T. Forsyth~ You must live with people to know their problems and live with God in order to solve them.
Joe Namath~ When you have confidence you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun you can do amazing things.
Clifton Fadiman~ Ones first book kiss home run is always the best.
One thing only I know, and that is that I know nothing. -Socrates
Lisa Grossman~ Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Let every man look before he leaps.
All of us, at certain moments of our lives, need to take advice and to receive help from other people. - Reflections on Life. - Alexis Carrel
Leo Rosten~ I learned that it is the weak who are cruel and that gentleness is to be expected only from the strong.
Irish Proverb~ A dimple in the chin a devil within.
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it. -Miguel De Cervantes
Pierre Charron~ He who receives a benefit should never forget it he who bestow should never remember it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The only reward of virtue is virtue the only way to have a friend is to be one.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job. -Malcolm Forbes
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. -Seneca
Woodrow Wilson~ Once lead this people into war and they will forget there ever was such a thing as tolerance.
Saint Cyprian~ There is no salvation outside the church.
Hard work means prosperity; only a fool idles away his time. -Proverbs
Mark Ardis~ A specification that will not fit on one page of .x inch paper cannot be understood.
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul. -William Ernest Henley
Tallulah Bankhead~ If I had to live my life again Id make the same mistakes only sooner.
Samuel Goldwyn~ Television has raised writing to a new low.
Colin Wilson~ The mind has exactly the same power as the hands not merely to grasp the world but to change it.
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing - and the main thing is Christ. (Pastor Clay Peck)
George Foreman~ Let the other guy have whatever he wants before the fight. Once the bell rings hes gonna be disappointed anyway.
Our marriage was a love match pure and simple; she was pure and I was simple.
Amy Vanderbilt~ The modern rule is that every woman should be her own chaperon.
John Kord Lagemann~ Intuition isnt the enemy but the ally of reason.
Sir Arthur Eddington~ We are bits of stellar matter that got cold by accident bits of a star gone wrong.
Edward Irving Koch~ Im not the type to get ulcers. I give them.
It's not easy being green. -Kermit The Frog
He who stops being better, stops being good. -Oliver Cromwell
Charles Dudley Warner~ Regrets are idle yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
Will Rogers~ You know everybody is ignorant only on different subjects.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
He who wrestles with us, strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skills. Our antagonist is our helper. (Edmund Burke)
By asking for the impossible we obtain the best possible. -Giovanni Niccolini
D. H. Lawrence~ Try to find your deepest issue in every confusion and abide by that.
Noah Porter~ Remember that what you believe will depend very much on what you are.
Aristophenes~ You cannot teach a crab to walk straight.
Man "Haven't I seen you someplace before? Woman "Yeah, that's why I don't go there anymore."
Life just gives you time & space; it's up to you to fill it.
George Sand~ Life in common among people who love each other is the ideal of happiness.
The collapse of character begins with compromise.
Airplane~ Jive Lady Just hang loose blood. She gonna handa your rebound on the med side.
A synonym is a word you use in place of one you can't spell.
Sometimes a noble failure serves the world as faithfully as a distinguished success. -Dowden
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved. -George Sand
Richard Bently~ No man is demolished but by himself.
Francis Bacon~ Natural abilities are like natural plants they need pruning by study.
The essence of knowledge is, having it, to apply it; not having it, to confess your ignorance. - Confucius
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
A compliment is a statement of an agreeable truth; flattery is the statement of an agreeable untruth. (Sir John A. MacDonald)
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Judith Pugh~ Motherhood is a wonderful thing - what a pity to waste it on children.
Jackie Mason~ I have enough money to last me the rest of my life unless I buy something.
Charles De Gaulle~ When I want to know what France thinks I ask myself.
Vincent Van Gogh~ It is better to be high-spirited even though one makes more mistakes than to be narrow-minded and all to prudent.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Of what shall a man be proud if he is not proud of his friends
Before we set our hearts too much upon anything, let us examine how happy they are who already possess it. (Francois de La Rochefoucauld)
Epictetus~ Reason is not measured by size or height but by principle.
They can because they think they can. -Virgil
Lithuanian Proverb~ God gave teeth He will give bread.
Sophocles~ Stranger in a strange country.
Darrel Royal~ Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Faith Whittlesey~ Remember Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did but she did it backwards and in high heels.
Anais Nin~ Life shrinks or expands in proportion to ones courage.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -William James
We know nothing about motivation. All we can do is write books about it. -Peter F. Drucker
Ronald Reagan~ I will veto again and again until spending is brought under control.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin~ Never does the human soul appear so strong and noble as when it forgoes revenge and dares to forgive injury.
Danish proverb~ If three people say you are an ass put on a bridle.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. (Bill Cosby)
Art Spander~ The great thing about democracy is that it gives every voter a chance to do something stupid.
Cullen Hightower~ Wisdom is whats left after weve run out of personal opinions.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished. - Og Mandino
Assyrian Proverb~ Life is unbearable but death is not so pleasant either.
Marilyn Monroe~ Ever notice that what the hell is always the right decision
Henry Louis Mencken~ A man always blames the woman who fooled him. In the same way he blames the door he walks into in the dark.
When in doubt, don't. - Saul W. Gellerman
Unknown~ People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because its safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs.
Henry Louis Mencken~ For every problem there is one solution which is simple neat and wrong.
Sufi Proverb~ I searched for God and found only myself. I searched for myself and found only God.
Neither can the wave that has passed by be recalled, nor the hour which has passed return again. -Ovid
Cyrano Savinien de Bergerac~ A kiss is a rosy dot over the i of loving.
Phillip Earl Stanhope~ Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing well.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ How much trouble he avoids who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks.
Seneca~ Be silent as to services you have rendered but speak of favours you have received.
Charles De Secondat~ Ive never known any trouble that an hours reading didnt assuage.
Jane Wagner~ Delusions of grandeur make me feel a lot better about myself.
Albert Camus~ Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. (Aesop)
Look within!... The secret is inside you. -Hui-neng
Epictetus~ Control thy passions lest they take vengeance on thee.
Frank Moore Colby~ Many people lose their tempers merely from seeing you keep yours.
Peter Ustinov~ By increasing the size of the keyhole todays playwrights are in danger of doing away with the door.
Matthew Bible~ If the blind lead the blind both shall fall into the ditch.
Lao Tzu~ Seek not happiness too greedily and be not fearful of happiness.
After the verb 'to Love,' 'to Help' is the most beautiful verb in the world. -Bertha Von Suttner
What you think of me is none of my business. -Terry Cole-whittaker
Robert Frost~ The world is full of willing people some willing to work the rest willing to let them.
Do's and don'ts influence wills and won'ts.
Henri Matisse~ Derive happiness in oneself from a good days work from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
HELP = H(umor), E-go, edging God out, L-istening, P-urpose. -Ken Blanchard
Coincidence is when God chooses to remain anonymous.
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work. -Vincent Lombardi
Michelangelo Buonarroti~ If people only knew how hard I work to gain my mastery it wouldnt seem so wonderful at all.
Al Capone~ Ive been accused of every death except the casualty list of the World War.
Publilius Syrus~ Every day should be passed as if it were to be our last.
Calvin Trillin~ Math was always my bad subject. I couldnt convince my teachers that many of my answers were meant ironically.
Ahad HaAm~ The less their ability the more their conceit.
Fran Lebowitz~ The opposite of talking isnt listening. The opposite of talking is waiting.
Oscar Wilde~ Nothing can cure the soul but the senses just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
Thomas Guthrie~ Do it now. It is not safe to leave a generous feeling to the cooling influences of the world.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality. -Brian Tracy
The more perfect a thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is. -Dante (alighieri)
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. -David Frost
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. -Anne Frank
Charles A. Dana~ When a dog bites a man that is not news but when a man bites a dog that is news.
Horse sense is a good judgement which keeps horses from betting on people. ~ W. C. Fields
Thomas Szasz~ When a person can no longer laugh at himself it is time for others to laugh at him.
Paul Valery~ Books have the same enemies as people fire humidity animals weather and their own content.
You can't be in two places at once, they say. Then how is it that you are there and in my heart at the same time?
Joseph Brodsky~ Life-the way it really is-is a battle not between Bad and Good but between Bad and Worse.
Euripides~ Judge a tree from its fruit not from the leaves.
You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him to find it within himself. -Galileo
Epictetus~ Know first who you are and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Mark Twain~ Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority its time to pause and reflect.
Confucius~ The superior man acts before he speaks and afterwards speaks according to his actions.
Publilius Syrus~ The loss which is unknown is no loss at all.
Oscar Wilde~ A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Dr.~ Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
Unknown~ I believe in livin a life less ordinary... Yet extraordinary.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Fortune leaves always some door open to come at a remedy.
Leroy Robert Satchel Paige~ Age is a function of mind over matter if you dont mind it doesnt matter.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Whatever America hopes to bring to pass in the world must first come to pass in the heart of America.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Genius is inspiration and perspiration.
Aeschylus~ A prosperous fool is a grievous burden.
David Dean Rusk~ We were eyeball-to-eyeball and the other fellow just blinked.
Dag Hammarskjld~ You are... the lens in the beam. You can only receive give and possess the light as the lens does.
Unknown~ Why learn at all if one day we will die and forget everything
Japanese Proverb~ After victory tighten your helmet chord.
You either have to be first, best, or different. (Loretta Lynn)
Hanna Holborn Gray~ There was a perception that life here was-I wont say gray thats hard for me-but beige.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. -Walter Elliott
Jerry Garcia~ Somebody has to do something and its just incredibly pathetic that it has to be us.
Without a global revolution in the sphere of human consciousness a more humane society will not emerge. -Vaclav Havel
American Indian Proverb~ If you see no reason for giving thanks the fault lies in yourself. Minquass
Adlai Ewing Stevenson~ A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
Chaucer~ He was as fresh as is the month of May.
Anna Russell~ The reason that there are so few women comics is that so few women can bear being laughed at.
Aeschylus~ It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Albert Einstein~ There is an atmosphere of well-sounding oratory that likes to attach itself to dress clothes. Away with it
Choose always the way that seems the best, however rough it may be. Custom will soon render it easy and agreeable. -Pythagoras
Anger makes us strong, Blind and impatient, And it leads us wrong; The strength is quickly lost; We feel the error long. - George Crabbe
What is the good of being a genius if you cannot use it as an excuse for being unemployed? -Gerald Barzan
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ Im not a good butcher but Ive had to learn to carve the joint. People expect a new look.
Charles McCabe~ Any clod can have the facts having opinions is an art.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ The maxim of the British people is Business as Usual.
Willie Stone~ Vision without a task is only a dream. A task without a vision is but drudgery. But vision with a task is a dream fulfilled.
Howard Dietz~ I dont like composers who think. It gets in the way of their plagiarism.
Cicero~ Reason should direct and appetite obey.
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out. -James Bryant Conant
Albert Camus~ Dont walk behind me I may not lead. Dont walk in front of me I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ I look forward to an America which will not be afraid of grace and beauty.
Jim Davis~ Way down deep were all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.
Cicero~ While theres life theres hope.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ In any great organization it is far far safer to be wrong with the majority than to be right alone.
Aeschylus~ The future you shall know when it has come before then forget it.
Stephen S. Wise~ Vision looks inward and becomes duty.Vision looks outward and becomes aspiration.Vision looks upward and becomes faith.
Angela Schwindt~ While we try to teach our children all about life our children teach us what life is all about.
Benjamin Franklin~ Think of these things whence you came where you are going and to whom you must account.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ It is a sign of contraction of the mind when it is content or of weariness.
Jeseph Joubert~ The aim of argument or of discussion should not be victory but progress.
M. C. Escher~ He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
Edward Young~ Be wise with speed . A fool at forty is a fool indeed.
Louis Gittner~ Love builds highways out of dead ends.
Baltasar Gracian~ Even knowledge has to be in the fashion and where it is not it is wise to affect ignorance.
Horace~ The years as they pass plunder us of one thing after another.
Charles Lamb~ Credulity is the mans weakness but the childs strength.
H.L. Mencken~ Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good.
Mark Twain~ When a person cannot deceive himself the chances are against his being able to deceive other people.
Antonio Porchia~ In a full heart there is room for everything and in an empty heart there is room for nothing.
Unknown~ If you cant find the key to success pick the lock.
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular.
Irving Layton~ In Pierre Elliott Trudeau Canada has at last produced a political leader worthy of assassination.
Joseph Farrell~ The secret of all power is - save your force. If you want high pressure you must choke off waste.
Ayn Rand~ A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve not by the desire to beat others.
I've never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation. -Mike Todd
G. K. Chesterton~ Journalism is popular but it is popular mainly as fiction. Life is one world and life seen in the newspapers is another.
Spiro T. Agnew~ Confronted with the choice the American people would choose the policemans truncheon over the anarchists bomb.
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist. -Harold Wilkins
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly. (Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche)
Oscar Wilde~ There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written or badly written.
Will Rogers~ We dont know what we want but we are ready to bite somebody to get it.
X X-Men United~ Magneto You are a god among insects. Never let anyone tell you different.
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time." So I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.
Agatha Christie~ Good advice is always certain to be ignored but thats no reason not to give it.
Cards were at first for benefits designed, Sent to amuse, not to enslave the mind. - David Garrick
Love is not just gazing at each other but looking together in the same direction.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. (Jawaharlal Nehru)
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment. -Napoleon I
Men tell you the facts, but God will tell you the truth!
Mario Andretti~ If everythings under control youre going too slow.
Euripides~ I have found power in the mysteries of thought.
Oscar Wilde~ I am not young enough to know everything.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Be not simply good; be good for something. (Henry David Thoreau)
Edmund Burke~ Whenever a separation is made between liberty and justice neither in my opinion is safe.
Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress. - Ernesto Che Guevara
One must learn by doing the thing, for though you think you know it, you have no certainty until you try. -Aristotle
Self discipline is when your conscience tells you to do something and you don't talk back. - W. K. Hope
Noel Coward~ The higher the buildings the lower the morals.
Comfort and prosperity have never enriched the world as much as adversity has. -Billy Graham
Miguel de Cervantes~ A word to the wise is enough.
Emma Lazarus~ Give me your tired your poor your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. - Engrved on Statue of Liberty
Unknown~ There comes a time when summer asks what you have been doing all winter.
It is not the people who tell all they know that cause most of the trouble in the world- it's the ones who tell more.
Michael Flatley~ Whenever I hear It cant be done I know Im close to success.
Laurence Sterne~ Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
Millard Fuller~ Its not your blue blood your pedigree or your college degree. Its what you do with your life that counts.
Childrens Defense Fund~ Will your child learn to multiply before she learns to subtract
I have been all things unholy; if God can work through me, He can work through anyone. -St Francis Assisi
Aeschylus~ I would far rather be ignorant than wise in the foreboding of evil.
J. D. Salinger~ I am a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy.
Epicurus~ The greater difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests.
Joseph Conrad~ Action is consolatory. It is the enemy of thought and the friend of illusions.
If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise. (W.B. Yeats)
Will Rogers~ Even if you are on the right track youll get run over if you just sit there.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The right to swing my fist ends where the other mans nose begins.
Do not wait for extraordinary situations to do good; try to use ordinary situations. -Jean Paul Richter
God doesn't look at how much we do, but with how much love we do it. -Mother Teresa
La Rochefoucauld~ Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
Frank Scully~ Why not go out on a limb Isnt that where the fruit is
Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied. -Arnold Glasow
Prince Otto~ Universal suffrage is the government of a house by its nursery.
Robert J. Collier~ You have to sow before you can reap. You have to give before you can get.
Martin Luther~ Peace if possible truth at all costs.
Aesop~ It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Kenny Ausubel~ Each of us has a spark of life inside us and our highest endeavor ought to be to set off that spark in one another.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ The games not over until its over.
Sometimes to be headstrong, is to be brain-weak. (Bob Faravoni)
Omar Bradley~ The way to win an atomic war is to make certain it never starts.
It is always in season for old men to learn. - Aeschylus
Oscar Wilde~ Music makes one feel so romantic - at least it always gets on ones nerves - which is the same thing nowadays.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails. (Thoreau)
He who kneels before God can stand before anyone!
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. (Chinese Proverb)
Virgil~ Each of us bears his own Hell.
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ The successful people are the ones that can think up stuff for the rest of the world to keep busy at.
Quintilian~ Nature herself has never attempted to effect great changes rapidly.
Welsh Proverb~ Reason is the wise mans guide example the fools.
The real measure of a man's wealth is what he has invested in eternity.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ The spirit is the true self.
The realities of nature surpass our most ambitious dreams. -Francois Rodin
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ We would rather die on our feet than live on our knees.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Every artist dips his brush in his own soul and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Knowledge is power. -Francis Bacon
William Hazlitt~ Those who can command themselves command others.
John Johnson~ Men and women are limited not by the place of their birth not by the color of their skin but by the size of their hope.
Niels Bohr~ An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I dont say that the bird is good or the bat is bad. But I will say this At least the bird is less nude.
Jim Rohn~ For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward.
The block of granite that was an obstacle in the pathway of the weak became a stepping stone in the pathway of the strong.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
We give advice by the bucket, but take it by the grain. - William R. Alger
Fred Allen~ Whats on your mind if you will allow the overstatement
Dolly Parton~ When Im inspired I get excited because I cant wait to see what Ill come up with next.
A ship ought not to be held by one anchor, nor life by a singe hope. -Epictetus
Kindness and wisdom is the pathway leading to GOD'S LOVE! -Clara. - Clara
Aristotle~ What lies in our power to do it lies in our power not to do.
Subtlety may deceive you; integrity never will. -Oliver Cromwell
If you can imagine it you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it. -William Arthur Ward
George Will~ Football is a mistake. It combines the two worst elements of American life. Violence and committee meetings.
Blaise Pascal~ It is the fight alone that pleases us not the victory.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.
Leadership is based on a spiritual quality; the power to inspire the power to inspire others to follow. -Vincent Lombardi
Richard Harkness~ What is a committee A group of the unwilling picked from the unfit to do the unnecessary.
Paul Hawken~ Everything is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
It takes less time to do the thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits. -Mark Twain
Danish proverb~ Drink nothing without seeing it Sign nothing without reading it.
William Shakespeare~ There are more things in heaven and earth HoratioThan are dreamt of in your philosophy.
The Iron Rule: Don't do for others what, given the chance, they wouldn't do for themselves.
I've learned that it's best to give advice in only two circumstances; when it's requested, and when it's a life threatening situation. - Andy Rooney
A shy failure is nobler than an immodest success. -Kahlil Gibran
Vi Putnam~ The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed by just one other person.
Cullen Hightower~ People seldom become famous for what they say until after they are famous for what theyve done.
Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath: Neither give place to the devil. - Bible
A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat. (Slick's Second Universe Law)
Sharon Olds~ The older I get the more I feel almost beautiful...
Jerry Coleman~ The final score after eight innings is Giants Padres .
George Winters~ If God had really intended men to fly hed make it easier to get to the airport.
William Of Orange~ There is one certain means by which I can be sure never to see my countrys ruin - I will die in the last ditch.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ I believe a very large majority of church goers are merely unthinking slumbering worshipers of an unknown God.
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. -Aristotle Onassis
Martin Luther~ God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone but on trees and flowers and clouds and stars.
Unknown~ What if this werent a hypothetical question
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will avoid one hundred days of sorrow. -Chinese proverb
Funmi Wale-Adegbite~ Success is attitude and aptitude.
On anniversaries the wise husband may forget the past... but better never forget the present.
Life is a grindstone. Whether it grinds you down or polishes you up, depends upon what you're made of.
Great Spirit, help me never to judge another until I have walked in his moccasins. - Don Stanford
Henry David Thoreau~ That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
Charles Stanton~ In America one gets as much justice as one can afford. ()
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ It is impossible for a man to be cheated by anyone but himself.
Charisma is the transference of enthusiasm. -Ralph Archbold
Marie Curie~ Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Charles Dickens~ A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Dave Del Dotto~ No one ever excused his way to success.
Cicero~ We do not destroy religion by destroying superstition.
Aesop~ It is thrifty to prepare today for the wants of tomorrow.
Stanislaw Lec~ Value your words. Each one may be the last.
Aesop~ He that always gives way to others will end in having no principles of his own.
Lyman Bryson~ The qualities that get a man into power are not those that lead him once established to use power wisely.
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away. -Ben Hecht
Dana Carvey~ Im thirty years old but I read at the thirty-four-year-old level.
Philip Guedalla~ Autobiography is an unrivaled vehicle for telling the truth about other people.
Doing little things with a strong desire to please God makes them really great. (St. Francis de Sales)
Character is a by-product; it is produced in the great manufacture of daily duty. -Woodrow T. Wilson
Friedrich Nietzsche~ Perhaps I know why it is man alone who laughs He alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.
The person who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Change is inevitable, except from vending machines. -Author unknown
Beauty is only skin deep...but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ Till last by Philips farm I flowTo join the brimming riverFor men may come and men may goBut I go on for ever.
It is not the lofty sails but the unseen wind that moves the ship.
Kim Hubbard~ A good front is half the battle in love or war.
A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one. It carries better. - Stephen Leacock
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The great act of faith is when a man decides he is not God.
Ronald Reagan~ You know it was only a generation ago that actors couldnt be buried in the churchyard.
Samuel Smiles~ Hope...is the companion of power and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
George Washington~ Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
Barry Goldwater~ I wouldnt trust Nixon from here to that phone.
What we obtain too cheap we esteem too little; it is dearness only that gives everything value. -Thomas Paine
Pierre Beaumarchais~ It is not necessary to understand things in order to argue about them.
Don't take life too seriously, you'll never get out of it alive. (Elbert Hubbard)
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose. -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
To me every hour of the day and night is an unspeakably perfect miracle. -Walt Whitman
Cyril Connolly~ There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbors will say.
Children go through four life stages with dads: They call you da-da. They call you daddy. They call you dad. They call you collect.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Dont put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
I have lived through the sixties, seventies, eighties and nineties. Am I now about to live through the noughties?
Being yourself is being the person everyone else wants you to be.
Chinese Proverb~ Judge not the horse by his saddle.
Julius Caesar~ Et tu Brute. You also Brutus.
Don't hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love. -Leo Buscaglia. - Leo Buscaglia
If our gifts are not surrendered to God, we tend to beat people over the head with them.
Poverty never spoils a good man, but prosperity often does.
Boris Marshalov~ Congress is so strange. A man gets up to speak and says nothing. Nobody listens - and then everybody disagrees.
The desire of love is to give. The desire of lust is to get.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him. -Lao-tse
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest. (Elie Wiesel)
Baltasar Gracian~ The sole advantage of power is that you can do more good.
William Shakespeare~ Out damned spot out I say
Douglas Noel Adams~ Its no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase As pretty as an airport appear.
Thucydides~ We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
Sir Arthur Eddington~ The mathematics is not there till we put it there.
Saudi Proverb~ If the camel once get his nose in a tent the body will soon follow.
Everything is perfect in the universe, even your desire to improve it. -Wayne W. Dyer
Henry Louis Mencken~ Love is the mistaken belief that one woman differs from another.
People travel in the way of least resistance, by choosing one's environment, one will travel in a particular way. -H. Janicki
Gore Vidal~ Im a born-again atheist.
Leona Helmsly~ I dont hire people who have to be told to be nice. I hire nice people.
Stephen Vincent Benet~ Honesty rare as a man without self-pity kinders as large and plain as a prairie wind.
Anon.~ Debugging is anticipated with distaste performed with reluctance and bragged about forever.
I think and that is all that I am. -Wayne Dyer
Victor Cousin~ True philosophy invents nothing it merely establishes and describes what is.
Thomas Fuller~ Know most of the rooms of thy native country before thou goest over the threshold thereof.
Ernest Hemingway~ When writing a novel a writer should create living people people not characters. A character is a caricature.
William H. Mauldin~ I feel like a fugitive from the law of averages.
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary. -Ray Knight
The highest courage is to dare to appear to be what one is. -John Lancaster Spalding
Willa Carter~ I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.
The moral test of any society is how is treats its weakest: children, elderly, sick, needy and handicapped. (Senator Hubert Humphrey)
Necessity may be the mother of invention, but play is certainly the father. -Roger von Oech
Stanley Baldwin~ A platitude is simply a truth repeated until people get tired of hearing it.
Man was designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness. -Zig Ziglar
Life itself cannot give you joy unless you really will it. Life just gives you time and space. Its up to you to fill it.
Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
I am an artist... I am here to live out loud. -Emile Zola
I am the world's greatest authority on my own opinion.
Calvin Coolidge~ There is no right to strike against the public safety by anybody anywhere any time.
The longest journey of any person is the journey inward. -Dag Hammerskjvld
Albert Einstein~ It is the theory that decides what we can observe.
Epictetus~ Bear in mind that you should conduct yourself in life as at a feast.
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka
Let nature take its course and hope it passes.
In helping others, we shall help ourselves, for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us. -Flora Edwards
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. -C. Archie Danielson
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. -Earl Wilson
Emily Dickinson~ If I can stop one heart from breaking I shall not live in vain.
You must be tired, because you've been running through my mind all day!
You can listen to thunder after lightening and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
Robert Browning~ To do good thing in the world first you must know who you are and what gives meaning to your life.
Niels Bohr~ Prediction is very difficult especially about the future.
Thomas Carlyle~ A vein of poetry exists in the hearts of all men.
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is. -Henri Frederic Amiel
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev~ What we need is Star Peace and not Star Wars.
Seneca~ One hand washes the other.
Sara Teasdale~ Beauty more than bitterness Makes the heart break.
Aeschylus~ Time as he grows old teaches many lessons.
Character is always lost when a high ideal is sacrificed on the altar of conformity and popularity. -Unknown Author
I always like to know everything about my new friends, and nothing about my old ones. -Oscar Wilde
Hesiod~ He harms himself who does harm to another and the evil plan is most harmful to the planner.
Brain cells come and brain cells go, but fat cells live forever.
Tom Stoppard~ The days of the digital watch are numbered.
Never fight an inanimate object. -P. J. O'Rourke
Confucius~ Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Michael J. Gelb~ A champion views resistance as a gift of energy.
A promise is a debt. (Irish Proverb)
Wisdom is knowing the truth, and telling it. -Unknown. - Unknown
Two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different.
Benjamin McLane Spock~ What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all.
Casey Stengel~ They say some of my stars drink whiskey. But I have found that the ones who drink milkshakes dont win many ballgames.
Jackie Joyner-Kersee~ Age is no barrier. Its a limitation you put on your mind.
The sum of human knowledge is not contained in any one language.
The only way to make a dream come true is to wake up and live it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. -Herm Albright
Joe Walsh~ I cant complain but sometimes I still do.
John Barrymore~ Happiness sneaks through a door you didnt know that you left open.
I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 96% how I react to it.
Failure is an event, never a person; an attitude, not an outcome. -Zig Ziglar
Theodore Hesburgh~ The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
Why do they call it 'chili' if it's hot?
Ursula K. LeGuin~ It is good to have an end to journey toward but it is the journey that matters in the end.
Robert H. Goddard~ It is difficult to say what is impossible for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.
G. K. Chesterton~ Journalism largely consists of saying Lord Jones is Dead to people who never knew that Lord Jones was alive.
The world is so fast that there are days when the person who says it can't be done is interrupted by the person who is doing it. -Anonymous
Arthur Schnabel~ Applause is a receipt not a bill.
Character is the sum and total of a person's choices. - P. B. Fitzwater
Margaret Thatcher~ Europe will never be like America. Europe is a product of history. America is a product of philosophy.
Emily Dickinson~ They say that God is everywhere and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse.
Aristotle~ We must as second best...take the least of the evils.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Cant the Marx Brothers be arrested and maybe even tortured for all the confusion and problems theyve caused
Samuel McChord Crothers~ The trouble with facts is that there are so many of them.
Sam Levenson~ Somewhere on this globe every ten seconds there is a woman giving birth to a child. She must be found and stopped.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ The evil that we know is best.
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. (Bob Hope)
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. -Albert Einstein
Albert Camus~ What is a rebel A man who says no.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.
Clarence Darrow~ True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.
Money will buy you a bed, but not a good night's sleep, a house but not a home, a companion but not a friend. -Zig Ziglar
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges (J. F. Newton)
Oprah Winfrey~ What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.
The reputation of thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour. -Japanese proverb
Plato~ The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
Always buy good shoes, and a good bed. Because if you aren't in one, you're in the other.
Harold Wilson~ Courage is the art of being the only one who knows youre scared to death.
A word gets its meaning by the person who speaks it.
No man provokes me with impunity. [Lat., Nemo me impune lacessit.] - Motto
Mistinguett~ A kiss can be a comma a question mark or an exclamation point. Thats basic spelling that every woman ought to know.
When I walk backwards, it feels like I'm helping everyone else move forward faster.
As long as you don't forgive, who and whatever it is will occupy rent-free space in your mind. (Isabelle Holland)
You can't depend on your judgment when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain
Stumbling is not falling. -Portuguese Proverb
La Rochefoucauld~ Those who give too much attention to trifling things become generally incapable of great things.
Charles Evans Hughes~ When we lose the right to be different we lose the privilege to be free.
Reputation is the shell a man discards when he leaves life for immortality. His character he takes with him. -Anonymous
Francis Bacon~ If a mans wit be wandering let him study the mathematics.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is; it's always room-temperature.
Diamonds are forever. E-mail comes close. - June Kronholz
Miles Davis~ My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life.
My dog is very obedient, he does what he is bid. A sign said 'wet paint', and that's just what he did.
James Earl Jimmy Carter Jr.~ We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.
Francois Mauriac~ No love no friendship Can cross the path of our destiny Without leaving some mark on it forever.
We must want for others, not ourselves alone. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Woody Allen~ When I was kidnapped my parents snapped into action. They rented out my room.
Child Age ~ What Ive learned. . . . Ive learned that just when I get my room the way I like it Mom makes me clean it up.
A blank helpless sort of face, rather like a rose just before you drench it with D.D.T. - John Carey
Dwight D Eisenhower~ When you appeal to force theres one thing you must never do - lose.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give.
Henry Moore~ To know one thing you must know the opposite.
Plato~ The greatest penalty of evildoing - namely to grow into the likeness of bad men.
Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence. (Robert Fripp)
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds?
Norman Cousins~ Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man.
A real patriot is someone who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
W. R. Inge~ It is astonishing with how little wisdom mankind can be governed when that little wisdom is its own.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Elizabeth Kubler-Ross~ Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose.
Karl Kraus~ Experiences are savings which a miser puts aside. Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust.
John Lyly~ Love is made in heaven and consummated on earth.
Faith is not believing that God can, but that God will!
Andre Gide~ Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Anon.~ The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
Aim at heaven and you get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither. (C. S. Lewis)
Cary Grant~ My father used to say Let them see you and not the suit. That should be secondary.
Chance generally favors the prudent. -Joseph Joubert
Unknown~ Never complain about growing old Because so many never get the chance
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be so. -Charles De Gaulle
Mark Twain~ Good breeding consists of concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person.
Aristotle~ To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character.
Richard Feynman~ I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare
I don't know how I got over the hill without getting to the top.
Thomas Fuller~ Your friend is the man who knows all about you and still likes you.
Woodrow Wilson~ Power consists in ones capacity to link his will with the purpose of others to lead by reason and a gift of cooperation.
Thomas Jefferson~ Never trouble another for what you can do for yourself.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
Andre Gide~ Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
Even a short pencil is more reliable then the longest memory.
Colley Cibber~ We shall find no fiend in hell can match the fury of a disappointed womanscorned slighted dismissed without a parting pang.
Ben J. Wattenberg~ The plural of anecdote is data.
Robert~ In order to preserve your self-respect it is sometimes necessary to lie and cheat.
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work hard to get better. -Paul Coffey
Loretta Lockhorn~ Id better get off the phone now Ive already told you more than I heard myself.
Patrick Henry~ Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense
Jennifer Aniston~ True love brings up everything - youre allowing a mirror to be held up to you daily.
I'm at an age where I think more about food than I do about sex. Last week I put a mirror over my dining room table. -Rodney Dangerfield
Andrew Schneider~ Theres a lot to be said for self-delusionment when it comes to matters of the heart.
Thomas Carlyle~ Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Denis Diderot~ Only passions great passions can elevate the soul to great things.
The stronger the wind the stronger the trees. -Willard Marriott
Thomas Jefferson~ He is happiest of whom the world says least good or bad.
Ovid~ Dignity and love do not blend well nor do they continue long together.
Anger is a great force. If you control it, it can be transmuted into a power which can move the whole world. - Sivananda
My mind contains many good ideas, but it is not always easy to squeeze one out.
Jerry Coleman~ Over the course of a season a miscue will cost you more than a good play.
Note on a door: Out to lunch; if not back by five, out for dinner also.
Show me someone content with mediocrity and I'll show you someone destined for failure. -Johnetta Cole
To love another person is to see the face of God. - Lyster
Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success; for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles. -Samuel Smiles
Samuel Johnson~ In order that all men may be taught to speak truth it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.
Apuleius~ He is the better equipped for life. As for swimming who has the less to carry.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
To finish first, you must first finish. -Rick Mears
What is to give light must endure the burning. -Victor Frankl
Isaac Bashevis Singer~ When you betray somebody else you also betray yourself.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ We are all worms but I do believe that I am a glow-worm.
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow. -Peter Mcwilliams
Arthur Godfrey~ Im proud to be paying taxes in the United States. The only thing is - I could be just as proud for half the money.
We are, each of us, angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other. (Luciano DeCrescenzo)
Surely the world we live in is but the world that lives in us. -Daisy Bates
If you don't run your own life, somebody else will. -John Atkinson
Branch Rickey~ Luck is the residue of design.
Heraclitus~ If it were not for injustice men would not know justice.
Be charitable before wealth makes thee covetous. -Sir Thomas Browne
Mark Twain~ Cold If the thermometer had been an inch longer wed all have frozen to death
Lester J. Pourciau~ There is no monument dedicated to the memory of a committee.
Van Wyck Brooks~ As against having beautiful workshops studios etc. one writes best in a cellar on a rainy day.
Who you are is speaking so loudly that I can't hear what you're saying. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. -Jim Rohn
Henry Havelock Ellis~ Imagination is a poor substitute for experience.
Don't think you're on the right road just because it?s a well-beaten path.
Peter Brock~ Bite off more than you can chew and then chew like hell.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes. (Henry J. Kaiser)
Tom Morris~ The only way most people recognize their limits is by trespassing on them.
Sir Walter Besant~ England and America are two countries separated by the same language.
Just as you began to feel that you could make good use of time, there was no time left to you. -Lisa Alther
J. Paul Getty~ No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or get rich in business by being a conformist.
Michael J. Gelb~ Confusion is the welcome mat at the door of creativity.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning~ No man can be called friendless when he has God and the companionship of good books.
Unknown~ It is not doing the things we like to do But liking the things we have to do That makes life blessed.
A neurotic is a man who builds a castle in the sky. A phychotic is the man who lives in it. And a psychiatrist collects the rent.
In vain have you acquired knowledge if you have not imparted it to others. -Deuteronomy Rabbah
Reubin Askew~ We must stop talking about the American dream and start listening to the dreams of Americans.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
James Feibleman~ A myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes.
Aeschylus~ It is a profitable thing if one is wise to seem foolish.
Don't wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. (St. Francis De Sales)
Mario Andretti~ I recognize my limits but when I look around I realise I am not living exactly in a world of giants.
Ludwig Wittgenstein~ If people never did silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. -Laurence J. Peter
Jane Wagner~ I personally think we developed language because of our deep inner need to complain.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. -Lao Tzu
Christine Lavin~ Theres a very fine line between a groove and a rut a fine line between eccentrics and people who are just plain nuts.
I know a fellow who's as broke as the Ten Commandments. -John Marquand
As soon as you start to pursue a dream, your life wakes up and everything has meaning. -Barbara Sher
Ernest Dimnet~ Children have to be educated but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
Horace~ If you wish me to weep you must mourn first yourself.
He who builds to every man's advice will have a crooked house. (Danish proverb)
Joyce Kilmer~ I think that I shall never see A poem lovely as a tree.
Carlos A. Urbizo~ Stoop and youll be stepped on stand tall and youll be shot at.
I always admired Mrs. Grote's saying that politics and theology were the only two really great subjects. - Rt. Hon. William Ewart Gladstone
I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
We are all cells in the same body of humanity. -Pilgrims
When firmness is sufficient, rashness is unnecessary. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Business is like a man rowing a boat upstream. He has no choice; he must go ahead or he will go back. -Lewis E. Pierson
Andr Gide~ Complete possession is proved only by giving. All you are unable to give possesses you.
Ruth Fulton Benedict~ Faith is the virtue of the storm just as happiness is the virtue of sunshine.
If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size? (Sydney J. Harris)
Billy Rose~ Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Thich Nhat Hanh~ Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Arthur C. Clarke~ There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. -Walt Disney
Pablo Picasso~ There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
People say walking on water is a miracle, but to me walking peacefully on earth is the real miracle. (Thich Nhat Hanh)
Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life. -Pablo Picasso
Unknown~ The human race is faced with a cruel choice work or daytime television.
Kevin Meyers~ When life is kicking others in the teeth Become a dentist.
Berthold Auerbach~ Of all afflictions the worst is self-contempt.
Kim Hubbard~ Some people pay a compliment as if they expected a receipt.
Scheduled Release Date: A carefully calculated date determined by estimating the actual shipping date and subtracting six months from it.
If life were a novel, then dead would mark the end of the first chapter...(Kelly Nelson)
Live your life as though your every act were to become a universal law. -Emmanuel Kant
Doug Larson~ If people concentrated on the really important things in life thered be a shortage of fishing poles.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation. -Rob Gilbert
Anon.~ Winners never quit and quitters never win.
William Hazlitt~ The more we do the more we can do.
Let me win, but if I cannot win, let me be brave in the attempt. -Special Olympics Motto
William Zinsser~ Theres not much to be said about the period except that most writers dont reach it soon enough.
The other day a woman came up to me and said, "Didn't I see you on television?" I said, "I don't know. You can't see out the other way."
Its true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it but it's also true that we don't know what weve been missing until it arrives.
John H. Patterson~ An executive is a person who always decides sometimes he decides correctly but he always decides.
Brad Bell~ True love is not rare at the age of a teen but recognizing it as true love is.
It is good to be a Christian and you know it, but it is better to be a Christian and show it!
Will Durant~ Inquiry is fatal to certainty.
In this country men seem to live for action as long as they can and sink into apathy when they retire. - Charles Francis Adams
Two things are sure in life: There is a God, and you are not him.
Irving Layton~ When you argue with your inferiors you convince them of only one thing they are as clever as you.
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ Words calculated to catch everyone may catch no one.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.~ Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
J. K. Rowling~ There are some things you cant share without ending up liking each other.
Zelda Fitzgerald~ She was conscious that the things she did were the things she had always wanted to do.
Herodotus~ Not snow no nor rain nor heat nor night keeps them from accomplishing their appointed courses with all speed.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle
Nathan Hale~ I only regret that I have one life to lose for my country.
Alan Alda~ Its too bad Im not as wonderful a person as people say I am because the world could use a few people like that.
Your greatest resource is your time. -Brian Tracy
Millicent Carey McIntosh~ The most important phase of living with a person is respect for that person as an individual.
Oscar Wilde~ I can believe anything provided that it is quite incredible.
John Cleese~ I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier. -Roy Disney
Josiah Gilbert Holland~ The heart is wiser than the intellect.
A committee of one gets things done. -Joe Ryan
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
Earl Mac Rauch~ Remember no matter where you go there you are.
Luis Bunuel~ Im still an atheist thank God.
He who has great power should use it lightly. -Seneca
Dreams get you into the future and add excitement to the present. -Robert Conklin
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. -Blaise Pascal
Unknown~ War doesnt determine who is right only who is left.
Confucius~ Do not use a cannon to kill a mosquito.
Jim Rohn~ Success is neither magical or mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
La Rochefoucauld~ Nothing so much prevents our being natural as the desire to seem so.
I'm in shape. Round is a shape, isn't it?
James Truslow Adams~ There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
William Stubbs~ To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me.
The Queue Principle: The longer you wait in line, the greater the likelihood that you are standing in the wrong line.
Otto von Bismark~ A really great man is known by three signs... generosity in the design humanity in the execution moderation in success.
Jane Austen~ In every power of which taste is the foundation excellence is pretty fairly divided between the sexes.
Mick Jagger~ Its all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
Anne Frank~ I keep my ideals because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.
If your vision doesn't scare you, then both your vision and your God are too small. (Brother Andrew)
Judith Martin~ It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
One picture is worth 128K words.
Carl Sandburg~ Sometime theyll give a war and nobody will come.
Adam L. Gordon~ Life is mostly froth and bubble Two things stand like stone - Kindness in anothers trouble Courage in your own.
Isha McKenzie-Mavinga~ On reflection one of the things I needed to learn was to allow myself to be loved.
Jewish Proverb~ With money in your pocket you are wise you are handsome and you sing well too.
Saint Jerome~ An unstable pilot steers a leaking ship and the blind is leading the blind straight to the pit. The ruler is like the ruled.
Ignorance of one's misfortunes is clear gain. - Edward Flaherty
Keep cool and you will command everyone. -Justinian
Louis de Saint-Just~ Keep cool and you command everybody.
Behind every successful man there's a lot of unsuccessful years. - Bob Brown
Before you point your fingers be sure your hands are clean.
Samuel Johnson~ Every quotation contributes something to the stability or enlargement of the language.
Cicero~ If you aspire to the highest place it is no disgrace to stop at the second or even the third place.
Anger assists hands however weak. [Lat., Quamlibet infirmas adjuvat ira manus.] - Ovid (Publius Ovidius Naso)
Attempt the impossible only to improve your work. -Bette Davis
The spirited horse, which will try to win the race of its own accord, will run even faster if encouraged. -Ovid
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Buddha~ He is able who thinks he is able.
George Bernard Shaw~ Take care to get what you like or you will be forced to like what you get.
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun. -Thomas Alva Edison
W. Somerset Maugham~ I dont think of the past. The only thing that matters is the everlasting present.
Sren Aaby Kierkegaard~ Life can only be understood backward but it must be lived forward.
Margaret Bonnano~ Being rich is having money being wealthy is having time.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
William Faulkner~ Business is always interfering with pleasure but it makes other pleasures possible.
Jeanette Winterson~ What you risk reveals what you value.
Vernon Cooper~ These days people seek knowledge not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past wisdom is of the future.
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ Not knowing when the dawn will come I open every door.
Hannah Whitall Smith~ Where the soul is full of peace and joy outward surrounding and circumstances are of comparatively little account.
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. - Cleveland Amory
Pleasure only starts once the worm has got into the fruit, to become delightful happiness must be tainted with poison. - Georges Bataille
You are young only once, but you can be immature all your life.
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed. -Emily Dickinson
Virginia Woolf~ For most of history Anonymous was a woman.
Pele~ When you control the ball you control the score.
Quintilian~ When defeat is inevitable it is wisest to yield.
Abba Eban~ History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. -George S. Patton
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn.
Edgar Watson Howe~ Americans detest all lies except lies spoken in public or printed lies.
If you fail to prepare, you prepare to fail.
Business dispatched is business well done, but business hurried is business ill done. - Edward George Earle Lytton Bulwer-Lytton, first Baron Lytton
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Allan K. Chalmers
To ease another's heartache is to forget one's own. -Abraham Lincoln
An isolated outbreak of virginity is a rash on the face of society. It arouses only pity from the married, and embarrassment from the single.
David Borenstein~ Feelings are not supposed to be logical. Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.
Lucius Gary~ When it is not necessary to change it is necessary not to change.
Robertson Davies~ To be a book-collector is to combine the worst characteristics of a dope fiend with those of a miser.
Thomas Szasz~ Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time serenity that nothing is.
Woodrow Wilson~ No nation is fit to sit in judgement upon any other nation.
Nothing focuses the mind better than the constant sight of a competitor who wants to wipe you off the map. -Wayne Calloway
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
Mark Twain~ If Christ were here now there is one thing he would not be - a christian.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger. -Epictetus
Could your eyes be called an academy, because there are pupils there?
Johann von Goethe~ Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least.
Mark Twain~ Facts are stubborn but statistics are more pliable.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ A word to the wise is enough.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts. -John Wooden
What is conceived well is expressed clearly. - Nicholas Boileau
F Scott~ Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
William Shakespeare~ If all the year were playing holidays To sport would be as tedious as to work.
Lack of discipline leads to frustration and self-loathing. - Marie Chapian
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy. -Robert A Heinlein
Bob Wells~ For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Hippocrates~ As to diseases make a habit of two things - to help or at least to do no harm.
Phil Gramm~ Half the world does not know the joys of wearing cotton underwear. (promoting US exports as quoted in Time)
Comte de Buffon~ Never think that Gods delays are Gods denials. Hold on hold fast hold out. Patience is genius.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Get a good nights sleep and dont bug anybody without asking me. (To re-election campaign manager Clark MacGregor)
William Shakespeare~ I will wear my heart upon my sleeve For daws to peck at.
If breaks are meant to be slow... then why do they call it "breakfast"?
William Dugger~ The corporation has evolved to serve the interests of whoever controls it at the expense of whoever does not.
La Rochefoucauld~ We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears.
Old love letters are like souvenirs from the past. Don't just throw them away. (Natasha Isabelle)
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight. -Arthur Ashe
Dan Quayle~ Were going to have the best-educated American people in the world.
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery. (Erma Bombeck)
Terry Josephson~ If you dont appreciate it you dont deserve it.
Dr. Karl Menninger~ Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Failure is the foundation of success, and the means by which it is achieved. -Lao Tzu
Bob Ross~ Besides we dont make mistakes here we just have happy accidents.
Ron Nesen~ Nobody believes the official spokesman... but everybody trusts an unidentified source.
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push. (Joann Thomas)
Trouble is a part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough. (Dinah Shore)
James Grand~ To forgive is human to forget divine. . ..
Been there, done that and have the tee-shirt to prove it.
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men - the other 999 follow women. -Groucho Marx
John Junor~ An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
When we have begun to take charge of our lives, to own ourselves, there is no longer any need to ask permission of someone. - George O'neil
Denis Watley~ Its not what you are that holds you back its what you think you are not.
H. Mathews~ A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything. A choice is all that is left him.
Don't think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm. (Malayan proverb)
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Henry David Thoreau~ Greater love hath no man than this that he lay down his friends for his life.
Gail Sheehy~ Changes are not only possible and predictable but to deny them is to be an accomplice to ones own unnecessary vegetation.
Carl R. Rogers~ The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn...and change.
Give love, and love to your life will flow. - Madeline Bridges
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. -Daniel Webster
It is not the position, but the disposition. -J. E. Dinger
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try! -Dr. Seuss
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind. -Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people. -Arthur Schopenhauer
When someone says, "do you want my opinion"?- it's always a negative one.
Self-confidence is the result of a successfully survived risk. - Jack Gibb
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You have got to set your self on fire for it. (Anon)
Benjamin Franklin~ After three days men grow weary of a wench a guest and rainy weather.
Vannevar Bush~ Fear cannot be banished but it can be calm and without panic and it can be mitigated by reason and evaluation.
Laertius Diogenes~ When Thales was asked what was difficult he said To know ones self. And what was easy To advise another.
Tony Kanal~ I check myself every day just to make sure this is the same person.
You get paid to impact the world, not be impacted by it. -Mal Pancoast
Charles Proteus Steinmetz~ No man really becomes a fool until he stops asking questions.
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
If we preach what we live....We don't ever have to worry about practicing what we preach!
On a display of "I love you only" Valentine cards: Now available in multi-packs.
Frank L. Boyden~ I never reprimand a boy in the evening-darkness and a troubled mind are a poor combination.
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom. -Angus Grossart
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united. -Humboldt
Publilius Syrus~ Hares can gamble over the body of a dead lion.
Ovid~ Overlook our deeds since you know that crime was absent from our inclination.
Jon Kabit-Zinn~ The funny thing about stopping is that as soon as you do it here you are.
Poets need not go to Niagara to write about the force of falling water. -Robert Frost
Come home to men's business and bosoms. - Francis Bacon
Edward George Earle Lytton Bulwer-Lytton~ Dream manfully and nobly and thy dreams shall be prophets.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Pray To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessed unworthy.
Harold MacMillan~ I have never found in a long experience of politics that criticism is ever inhibited by ignorance.
Augustus Hare~ Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in ones horse as he is leaping.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ I dont confuse greatness with perfection. To be great anyhow isthe higher achievement.
There is nothing lost or wasted in this life. -Bhagavad-gita
Publilius Syrus~ A gift in season is a double favor to the needy.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The greatest wealth is a poverty of desires.
I just try to concentrate on concentrating. -Martina Navratilova
Baby: A loud noise at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Perfect valour consists in doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone.
Benjamin Franklin~ Do not anticipate trouble or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight.
Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they started. (David Allen)
Benjamin Disraeli~ Courage is fire and bullying is smoke.
Virginia~ I have lost friends some by death others through sheer inability to cross the street.
Harry Shearer~ If absolute power corrupts absolutely does absolute powerlessness make you pure
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ In this country England it is well to kill from time to time an admiral to encourage the others.
George Bernard Shaw~ In this world there is always danger for those who are afraid of it.
My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
Ronald Reagan~ I do not feel betrayed. ... He has a fine record. He is a national hero. (On Oliver L Norths work)
If there was any justice in this world, oil company executive bathrooms would smell like the ones in their gas stations. (Johnny Carson)
Be wiser than other people, if you can, but do not tell them so. -Lord Chesterfield
Sir Winston Churchill~ Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is perhaps the end of the beginning.
Heart in champions has to do with the depth of your motivation and how well your mind and body react to pressure. -Bill Russell
William S. Gilbert~ Losers visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success.
Herodotus~ Force has no place where there is need of skill.
Plato~ Be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live. -Joan Borysenko
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness. -Kahlil Gibran
You should not confuse your career with your life.
Baltasar Gracian~ Let him that hath no power of patience retire within himself though even there he will have to put up with himself.
Lao Tzu~ Manifest plainness Embrace simplicity Reduce selfishness Have few desires.
Unknown~ Once youve accumulated sufficient knowledge to get by youre too old to remember it.
Walt Whitman~ I celebrate myself and sing myself.
Virgil~ Deaths brother Sleep.
The kingdom of Heaven is within you... Seek ye first the kingdom of Heaven and all things will be added unto you. -Jesus
Henry Louis Mencken~ There is always an easy solution to every human problem - neat plausible and wrong.
Thomas Hobbes~ Leisure is the mother of philosophy.
Seneca~ Latin A sword never kills anybody it is a tool in the killers hand.
Leo Burnett~ When you reach for the stars you may not quite get one but you wont come up with a handful of mud either.
Pesach Seder~ The willingness to sacrifice is the prelude to freedom.
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence. -Denis Waitley
George Bernard Shaw~ I never resist temptation because I have found that things that are bad for me do not tempt me.
Miguel de Unamuno~ A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man.
Swingers~ Trent Im telling you baby you always double down on .
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. (Michael Althsuler)
Buddha~ To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life foolish people are idle wise people are diligent.
William Shakespeare~ Age cannot wither her nor custom stale Her infinite variety.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Repentance may begin instantly but reformation often requires a sphere of years.
We would frequently be ashamed of our good deeds if people saw all of the motives that produced them. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld
Nature goes her own way and all that to us seems an exception is really according to order. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Failure doesn't mean that you're a failure... it just means that you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuler
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ To me boxing is like a ballet except theres no music no choreography and the dancers hit each other.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope or confidence. -Helen Keller
We always have time enough if we will but use it aright. -Goethe
Be not forgetful to entertain strangers for thereby some have entertained angels unawares. -Hebrews 13:2
To enhance the quality of the day... that is the highest of the arts. -Henry David Thoreau
Euripides~ Whoso neglects learning in his youth Loses the past and is dead for the future.
He who has a thing to sell and goes and whispers in a well is not as apt to get the dollars as he who climbs a tree and hollers.
French Proverb~ Life is an onion and one peels it crying.
Batman~ The Joker Never rub another mans rhubarb.
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
Rare is the person who can weigh the faults of others without putting his thumb on the scales. -Byron J Langenfield
Your secrets are safe with me and all my friends.
Marshal Tito~ Any movement in history which attempts to perpetuate itself becomes reactionary.
Art is the objectification of feeling. -Suzanne K. Langer
Nation of shopkeepers. - Unattributed Author
Adlai Ewing Stevenson~ There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted but now it happens to everybody.
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time. -Arnold Glascow
Don't measure your life by how many breaths you take, measure it by how many times you get your breath taken away.
Marcus Valerius Martialis~ Tomorrows life is too late. Live today.
Cyril Connolly~ Always be nice to those younger than you because they are the ones who will be writing about you.
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there. -Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Some people not only expect opportunity to knock, they expect it to beat down the door. -Author unknown
Jerry Seinfeld~ Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.
George Santayana~ Ones friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
Epictetus~ Practise yourself for heavens sake in little things and thence proceed to greater.
A miser and a liar bargain quickly. -Greek Proverb
The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love. -William Wordsworth
The deepest waters make the least noise. (Guatemalan Proverb)
Johann von Goethe~ The unnatural that too is natural.
Horace~ Force without wisdom falls of its own weight.
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. -Bob Hope
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
Why are they called apartments when they are together.
Mother Theresa~ Life is a promise fulfill it.
Jewish Proverb~ Your friend has a friend dont tell him.
As to diseases, make a habit of two things - to help, or at least, to do no harm. - Epidemics. - Hippocrates
Oprah Winfrey~ Living in the moment brings you a sense of reverence for all of lifes blessings.
A meeting between two people who complete each other, who are made for each other, borders already, in my opinion, on a miracle. - Adolf Hitler
Heywood Broun~ A technical objection is the first refuge of a scoundrel.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
Marriage is like a bank account. You put it in, you take it out, you lose interest. - Irwin Cory
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death. -Unknown Author
DOS Tip: Add BUGS=OFF to your CONFIG.SYS
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.
Michelangelo~ I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
Isaac Asimov~ If knowledge can create problems it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. -Buddha. - Buddha
Blaise Pascal~ All the miseries of mankind come from one thing not knowing how to remain alone.
Ann Landers~ Nobody gets to live life backwards. Look ahead - thats where your future lies.
Samuel Butler~ To do great work a man must be very idle as well as very industrious.
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. -Mary Kay Ash
Nobody is perfect.... just call me Nobody!!!
As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency. -Caroline Kennedy Schlossburg
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Socrates~ I cannot teach anybody anything I can only make them think.
W. Somerset Maugham~ It was such a lovely day I thought it was a pity to get up.
Thomas John Watson Sr.~ The ability to ask the right question is more than half the battle of finding the answer.
Don't wait for someone to take you under their wing. Find a good wing and climb up underneath it. -Frank C. Bucaro
Thomas Fuller~ Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.
Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity. (Helen Hayes)
Christine Bovee~ Doubt whom you will but never yourself.
Plato~ There are three arts which are concerned with all things one which uses another which makes and a third which imitates them.
George Bernard Shaw~ An Englishman thinks he is moral when he is only uncomfortable.
Unknown~ Friends are angels that lift us to our feet when our wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
Edmund Burke~ Example is the school of mankind and they will learn at no other.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ I dont know half of you half as well as I should like and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
Dan McKinnon~ Remember your past mistakes just long enough to profit by them.
Francis Bacon~ Never exaggerate your faults. Your friends will attend to that.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton~ Truth is the only safe ground to stand on.
James Baldwin~ Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle love is a war love is a growing up.
Origen~ The power of choosing good and evil is within the reach of all.
Burton Hills~ Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
Why do we wash bath towels? Aren't we clean when we use them?
Your actions speak so loud that I can't hear what you're saying.
Sir Francis Darwin~ In science the credit goes to the man who convinces the world not the man to whom the idea first occurs.
Joseph Addison~ Man is distinguished from all other creatures by the faculty of laughter.
If you can build a business up big enough, it is respectable. - Will Rogers
Albert Einstein~ A person starts to live when he can live outside himself.
Some books have table of contents; others have no contents. (Melchor F. Cichon)
Whenever you get knocked down in the game of life, immediately get up, get better and get going again. -Greg Hickman
Socrates~ Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.
Rene Descartes~ It is only prudent never to place complete confidence in that by which we have even once been deceived.
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost. -George Schultz
Robert J. Sawyer~ Honor does not have to be defended.
Sophocles~ One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life That word is love.
William Connor Magee~ The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth. -Johann Friedrich von Schiller
Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same? (Richard Lederer)
A pint of sweat will save a gallon of blood. -General George Patton
A dog inside a kennel barks at his fleas. A dog hunting does not notice them.
Henry Kissinger~ There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
Will Schutz~ Everyone is responsible and no one is to blame.
I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom. -Anatole France
For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will. -Henri Frederic Amiel
B(est) I(nformation) B(efore) L(eaving) E(arth).
Virgil~ I have known sorrow and learned to aid the wretched.
People can cry much easier than they can change. -James Baldwin
He is rich that is satisfied. - Thomas Fuller
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words.
Samuel Johnson~ To hear complaints with patience even when complaints are vain is one of the duties of friendship.
Henry Ford~ Thinking is the hardest work there is which is probably the reason so few engage in it.
John Wayne~ Courage is being scared to death - but saddling up anyway.
John Milton~ How soon hath Time the subtle thief of youth Stolen on his wing my three-and-twentieth year
Jacques Martin Barzun~ Teaching is not a lost art but the regard for it is a lost tradition.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ To be years young is sometimes far more cheerful and hopeful than to be years old.
Epictetus~ In every affair consider what precedes and what follows and then undertake it.
Millard Fuller~ Everyone who gets sleepy at night should have a simple decent place to lay their heads on terms they can afford to pay.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Hellen Keller
Her hair glistened in the rain like nose hair after a sneeze. (C. S. Woodbridge)
Samuel Goldwyn~ The harder I work the luckier I get.
I've learned that no one is perfect until you fall in love with them. - Andy Rooney
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Glass, china, and reputation are easily cracked and never well mended. -Old Folk Saying
Where there are friends, there is wealth. -Titus Muccius Plautus
Lao Tzu~ To have little is to possess. To have plenty is to be perplexed.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Criticism should always leave people with the feeling that they have been helped.
Mohammed Reza Pahlavi~ Let me tell you quite bluntly that this king business has given me personally nothing but headaches.
Gen. Joseph Stilwell~ Illegitimis non carborundum.Lat. Dont let the bastards grind you down.
Thomas Peters~ If a window of opportunity appears dont pull down the shade.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. -Michael Korda
Now is no time to think of what you do not have. Think of what you can do with what there is. (Ernest Hemingway)
John F. Kennedy~ If a free society cannot help the many who are poor it cannot save the few who are rich.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ I submit to you that if a man hasnt discovered something he will die for he isnt fit to live.
J. Petit-Senn~ The hatred we bear our enemies injures their happiness less than our own.
When you fear something, learn as much about it as you can. Knowledge conquers fear. -Unknown author
Jameson Green~ Telling the truth will lead you to freedom telling the lies will lead you to slavery.
Hietzsche~ The most common lie is that which one lies to himself lying to others is relatively an exception.
Ashley Montague~ Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof.
A persons character is but half formed until after wedlock. -C. Simmons
Lucille Ball~ Knowing what you can not do is more important than knowing what you can do. In fact thats good taste.
Edgar Watson Howe~ Abuse a man unjustly and you will make friends for him.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. -John D. Rockefeller, Jr.
Pierre Elliott Trudeau~ The state has no business in the bedrooms of the nation.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ We are born believing. A man bears beliefs as a tree bears beauty.
Ambrose Bierce~ There is nothing new under the sun but there are lots of old things we dont know.
Erma Bombeck~ When humor goes there goes civilization.
Aristophanes~ Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh~ Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee and just as hard to sleep after.
Hesiod~ We know how to speak many falsehoods that resemble real things but we know when we will how to speak true things.
Adlai Ewing Stevenson~ All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.
B. J. Gupta~ God give me courage to do what I can humility to admit what I cant and wisdom to know the difference.
Sam Brown~ Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. (C.S. Lewis)
Joseph Roux~ A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Knowledge and timber shouldnt be much used till they are seasoned.
W. Somerset Maugham~ He had heard people speak contemptuously of money he wondered if they had ever tried to do without it.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ I do not agree with what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
Anon.~ Intel has announced its next chip the Repentium.
Jewish Proverb~ He that cant endure the bad will not live to see the good.
A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
People who think they're out of this world always make you wish they were.
Elmer Wheeler~ The real wit tells jokes to make others feel superior while the half-wit tells them to make others feel small.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ One mans justice is anothers injustice one mans beauty anothers ugliness one mans wisdom anothers folly.
Guy Finley~ If you dont leap youll never know what its like to fly.
L. Thomas Holdcroft~ The past is a guide post not a hitching post.
A manufacturing district . . . sends out, as it were, suckers into all its neighborhood. - Henry Hallam
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next. - Matthew Arnold
At first we hope too much; later on, not enough. -Joesph Roux
DOS=HIGH? I knew it was on something!
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. -Sydney Harris
Pearl Buck~ The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
Jean Anouilh~ Life is very nice but it lacks form. Its the aim of art to give it some.
Emily Dickinson~ I hope you love birds too. It is economical. It saves going to heaven.
Mahatma Gandhi~ Happiness is when what you think what you say and what you do are in harmony.
Those who trust to chance must abide by the results of chance. -Calvin Coolidge
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength I hate to tell you this but thats another weakness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ As we grow old the beauty steals inward.
A good school is a community where children learn to live first and foremost as children and not as future adults.
Ability is what you're capable of doing...
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual. -Vincent Lombardi
Francis Bacon~ Choose the life that is most useful and habit will make it the most agreeable.
Aesop~ A liar will not be believed even when he speaks the truth.
John F. Kennedy~ When we got into office the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as wed been saying they were.
Whenever we condemn, we cloak the world in pain. -Hugh Prather
Dietrich Bonhoeffer~ If you board the wrong train its no use running along the corridor in the other direction.
The fight we had last night was my fault, my wife asked me what was on the TV and i said dust.
Unknown~ Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities. -Sue Atchley Ebaugh
Ambrose Bierce~ The covers of this book are too far apart.
My sun sets to rise again. -Robert Browning
Best friends don't ask you: "Is something wrong?" Best friends ask you: "Whats wrong?"
My biggest problem is that I believe almost everything I tell myself.
Aristotle~ A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
Akhenaton~ Thinking understanding reasoning willing call not these Soul They are its actions but they are not its essence.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Tolerance is another word for indifference.
When the prior plays cards, what will the monks do? - Proverb
Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molire~ To live without loving is not really to live.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
Henry David Thoreau~ How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ The full use of your powers along lines of excellence. - definition of happiness by John F. Kennedy.
Nicolas Boileau~ Whatever we conceive well we express clearly and words flow with ease.
Walt Whitman~ Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons. It is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.
Betty Naomi Friedan~ It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
John Evans~ The Internet is like a giant jellyfish. You cant step on it. You cant go around it. Youve got to get through it.
Benjamin Franklin~ Dost thou love life Then do not squander time for thats the stuff life is made of.
We grow because we struggle, we learn and overcome. -R. C. Allen
People are very open-minded about new things - as long as they're exactly like the old ones. -Charles Kettering
La Rochefoucauld~ It is with true love as it is with ghosts everyone talks about it but few have seen it.
Coming to America~ Reverend Brown Girl you look so good someone ought to put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
The axe soon forgets, but the tree always remembers. (Shona saying)
Unknown~ Friendship is the only cement that will hold the world together.
Benjamin Franklin~ Hide not your talents they for use were made. Whats a sun-dial in the shade
Lewis Carroll~ Its a poor sort of memory that only works backward.
Robert F. Goheen~ If you feel that you have both feet planted on level ground then the university has failed you.
Michael~ The purpose of parenting is to provide steady and wide-ranging opportunities for a child. The child does the rest.
Paul Rudnick~ There is only one blasphemy and that is the refusal to experience joy.
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. -Norman Vincent Peale
Old hippies never die, they just surrender to society. (Stephe)
Eugene Lam~ Laughter is the best form of medicine. For when we laugh we neither think grieve or feel.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter~ Only actions give life strength only moderation gives it charm.
Business without profit is not business any more than a pickle is candy. - Charles F. Abbott
Dr. Robert Schuller~ The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.
George Orwell~ The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that he is already degraded.
H. L. Hunt~ Decide what you want decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
Lenny Bruce~ The whole motivation for any performer is Look at me Ma.
Your smile lights up a room like a candle in the dark. I can still hear the song of your laughter.
Jean Bodin~ The study of history is the beginning of political wisdom.
If you learn from your mistakes, then why ain't I a genius?
Miguel de Cervantes~ The more thou stir it the worse it will be.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Be brief for no discourse can please when too long.
Thomas Fuller~ A gift with a kind countenance is a double present.
Thales~ A multitude of words is no proof of a prudent mind.
Henry David Thoreau~ There are now-a-days professors of philosophy but not philosophers.
It's not the will to win, but the will to prepare to win that makes the difference. -Paul Bear Bryant
William Shakespeare~ Men have died from time to time and worms have eaten them but not for love.
Peter Borden~ Most advances in science come when a person for one reason or another is forced to change fields.
Lao Tzu~ He who conquers others is strong He who conquers himself is mighty.
Grace Murray Hopper~ You manage things you lead people.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Our (The Stoic) motto as you know is live according to nature.
MICROSOFT: Most Intelligent Customers Realize Our Software is Only for Fools and Teenagers.
Andr Maurois~ The difficult part in an argument is not to defend ones opinion but rather to know it.
H. A. Overstreet~ To hate and to fear is to be psychologically ill ... it is in fact the consuming illness of our time.
There is only one thing that feels better than to be loved... to love! (Derek Prince in 'Caring for widows and orphans')
Mogens Jallberg~ In democracy its your vote that counts. In feudalism its your count that votes.
Sarah Jackson~ Before you criticize someone walk a mile in his shoes. That way if he gets angry hell be a mile away - and barefoot.
Hans Reichenbach~ If error is corrected whenever it is recognized as such the path of error is the path of truth.
Woodrow Wilson~ I would rather lose in a cause that will some day win than win in a cause that will some day lose.
Hold a true friend with both your hands. -Nigerian Proverb
Theodore Isaac Rubin~ Compassion for myself is the most powerful healer of them all.
It doesn't matter what we do until we accept ourselves. Once we accept ourselves, it doesn't matter what we do. - Charly Heavenrich
T. S. Eliot~ Humor is also a way of saying something serious.
Horace~ Of writing well the source and fountainhead is wise thinking.
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential. -Liane Cardes
Evan Esar~ A signature always reveals a mans character - and sometimes even his name.
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places. -Author unknown
Marquis de La Grange~ When we ask for advice we are usually looking for an accomplice.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ Existence precedes and rules essence.
The vulgar only laugh, but never smile; whereas well-bred people often smile, but seldom laugh. (Lord Chesterfield)
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself. -Christian N. Bovee
A Committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but as a group decide that nothing can be done.
To exist is to change; to change is to mature; to mature is to create oneself endlessly. -Henri Bergson
Life is too complicated not to be orderly. -Martha Stewart
Failure is not the worst thing in the world. The very worst is not to try. -Anonymous
Phoenix Flame~ A mistake proves that someone stopped talking long enough to do something.
Thomas Huxley~ Make up your mind to act decidedly and take the consequences. No good is ever done in this world by hesitation.
George Santayana~ Nothing is really so poor and melancholy as art that is interested in itself and not in its subject.
Heraclitus~ You can never step into the same river for new waters are always flowing on to you.
Miguel de Unamuno~ Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
Francis Marion~ Promises that you make to yourself are often like the Japanese plum tree - they bear no fruit.
There is no "I" in team, but there is a "ME".
Publilius Syrus~ No one should be judge in his own case.
Luigi Pirandello~ In bed my real love has always been the sleep that rescued me by allowing me to dream.
The shortest books: 1) A guide to arab democracies 2) Everything men know about women 3) The Amish phonebook
Stanislaw Lec~ The window to the world can be covered by a newspaper.
Paralyze resistance with persistence. -Woody Hayes
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
G. K. Chesterton~ Dont ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up.
Titus Livius~ Better late than never.
Anonymous~ Time is that quality of nature which keeps events from happening all at once. Lately it doesnt seem to be working.
Tallulah Bankhead~ Its the good girls who keep diaries the bad girls never have the time.
Love gives itself; it is not bought. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Oscar Wilde~ Experience is one thing you cant get for nothing.
Robert Browning~ Why comes temptation but for man to meet and master and crouch beneath his foot and so be pedestaled in triumph
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ A man doesnt automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it.
It is not what you are that holds you back, it is what you think you are not. (Denis Waitley)
James Allen~ The outer conditions of a persons life will always be found to reflect their inner beliefs.
I could drown in a frown and swim in a smile.
Hume~ What a peculiar privilege has this little agitation of the brain which we call thought.
Thomas Fuller~ Care and diligence bring luck.
Allard Lowenstein~ The question should be is it worth trying to do not can it be done.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings~ Sorrow was like the wind. It came in gusts.
Johathan Edwards~ Resolve to live as with all your might while you do live and as you shall wish you had done ten thousand years hence.
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance. -Nathaniel Branden
What the caterpillar calls the end, the butterfly calls the beginning.
Margaret Thatcher~ To wear your heart on your sleeve isnt a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best.
Samuel Johnson~ Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength but perseverance.
Flip Wilson~ Funny is an attitude.
The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls. -Gerald G Jampolsky
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. -Ernest Hemingway
Irving Kristol~ Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.
Casey Stengel~ The secret of managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided.
That which is acquired without difficulty is dispersed with equal facility.
Leaders are problem solvers by talent and temperament, and by choice. -Harlan Cleveland
Margaret Lindsey~ The little things are most worthwhile - quiet word a look a smile.
Hate is like swallowing poison and waiting for the other person to die.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession a duty. -John D. Rockefeller
Anonymous~ There are no thanks for a kindness which has been delayed.
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent is gone forever. -Zig Ziglar
Wilson Mizner~ The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasnt been asleep.
Love without attachment is light. -Norman O Brown
Oscar Levant~ Underneath this flabby exterior is an enormous lack of character.
Publilius Syrus~ A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Max R. Hickerson~ A man is not what he thinks he is but what he thinks he is.
How do you start your days? Good morning Lord or Good Lord, morning.
William Orville Douglas~ The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
Eden Phillpotts~ The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Cicero~ Our span of life is brief but is long enough for us to live well and honestly.
Leopold Stein~ To be intelligent is to be open-minded active memoried and persistently experimental.
If you think nobody cares if you are alive, try missing a couple of car payments. -Earl Wilson
Boldness is business is the first, second, and third thing. -H. G. Bohn
William Adams~ My father taught me to work he did not teach me to love it.
One of the best uses of your time is to increase your competence in your key result areas. -Brian Tracy
Rush Limbaugh~ You know why theres a Second Amendment In case the government fails to follow the first one.
Robert Benchley~ As for me except for an occasional heart attack I feel as young as I ever did.
Johann von Goethe~ Talents are best nurtured in solitude character is best formed in the stormy billows of the world.
Anthony Trollope~ Above all else never think youre not good enough.
Bob Dylan~ He not busy being born is busy dying.
The true worth of a man is to be measured by the objects he pursues. -Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
He who does not enjoy solitude will not love freedom. -Arthur Schopenhauer
James Thurber~ You can fool too many of the people too much of the time.
Sir Walter Scott~ To all to each a fair good night And pleasing dreams and slumbers light.
A hundred men may make an encampment, but it takes a woman to make a home. -Chinese Proverb
Judy Garland~ For it was not into my ear you whispered but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed but my soul.
Scott Adams~ Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge.
The ability to speak eloquently is not to be confused with having something to say. -Michael P. Hart
Homer~ How God ever brings like to like.
Louis D. Brandeis~ Our government is the potent the omnipresent teacher. For good or ill it teaches the whole people by its example.
Oprah Winfrey~ I finally realized that being grateful to my body was key to giving more love to myself.
High expectations are the key to everything. -Sam Walton
Henry Ward Beecher~ Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven it is the beating of a loving heart.
J. K. Rowling~ Never trust anything that can think for itself if you cant see where it keeps its brain.
Edith Sodergran~ The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
Mother Theresa~ I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts then there is no hurt but only more love.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -Henry Ford
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship and it is far the best ending for one.
Vincent Voiture~ Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
Georges Braque~ Truth exists only falsehood has to be invented.
William Shakespeare~ O my offence is rank it smells to heaven It hath the primal eldest curse upon t A brothers murder.
Enthusiasm glows, radiates, permeates and immediately captures everyone's interest. -Paul J. Meyer
Pablo Picasso~ Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry. Lawrence J. Peter -Henry Beecher. - Henry Beecher
Excellence is in the details. Give attention to the details and excellence will come -Perry Paxton
An optimist sees and opportunity in every calamity. A pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity. -Unknown Author
Bertrand Russell~ In all affairs its a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ An improper mind is a perpetual feast.
Traveler there is no trail you blaze the trail as you travel. (Xochitl Garza)
Woody Allen~ I am at two with nature.
Oriental Proverb~ If you wish your merit to be known acknowledge that of other people.
It is vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquillity: they must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The wise through excess of wisdom is made a fool.
The th. Dalai Lama~ The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
In times like these it is good to remember that there have always been times like these. -Paul Harvey
Mahatma Gandhi~ Indolence is a delightful but distressing state we must be doing something to be happy.
Unknown~ Prayer gives us the opportunity to speak to GOD Meditation allows GOD to speak back to us.
As you climb the ladder of success, check occasionally to make sure it is leaning against the right wall. -Unknown Author
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
Cato the Elder~ From lightest words sometimes the direst quarrel springs.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness.
Saint Thomas Aquinas~ Perfection of moral virtue does not wholly take away the passions but regulates them.
John Dryden~ We must beat the iron while it is hot but we may polish it at leisure.
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it. (Laurence Sterne)
The world can only be grasped by action, not by contemplation. The hand is the cutting edge of the mind. - Jacob Bronowski
A man's knowledge can never outweigh his experience.
John Peel~ I never make stupid mistakes. Only very very clever ones.
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after. -Slovenian Proverb
Seneca~ If a man does not know to what port he is steering no wind is favourable to him.
Forrest Gump~ Life is like a box of chocolates you never know what youre gonna get.
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you. [Matthew 7:120]. - Bible
Sir Arthur Helps~ Reading is sometimes an ingenious device for avoiding thought.
I've learned that having a child fall asleep in your arms is one of the most peaceful feelings in the world. - Andy Rooney
Aesop~ Please all and you will please none.
To go beyond is as bad as to fall short. -Anonymous
Adam De LIsle~ I have thought too much to stoop to action.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Why does an alarm clock "go off" when it begins ringing?
George Smith Patton Jr.~ The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. (Voltaire)
Henry Kissinger~ University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
Anouk Aimee~ Cosmic upheaval is not so moving as a little child pondering the death of a sparrow in the corner of a barn.
Hi, my name is Any Key. Please don't hit me!
Don't be afraid to learn. Knowledge is weightless, a treasure you can always carry easily.
Meryl Streep~ Integrate what you believe into every single area of your life.
George Herbert~ Go not for every grief to the physician nor for every quarrel to the lawyer nor for every thirst to the pot.
Anger begins in folly, and ends in repentance. - Pythagoras
Good values are easier caught than taught. -Zig Ziglar
Emerson Pugh~ If the human mind was simple enough to understand wed be too simple to understand it.
Libbie Fudim~ Love me or hate me but spare me your indifference.
Hellen Keller~ I thank God for my handicaps for through them I have found myself my work and my God.
Sren Aaby Kierkegaard~ To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
Where does the white go when the snow melts?
After the government takes enough to balance the budget, the taxpayer has the job of budgeting the balance.
Diogenes the Cynic~ Most men are within a fingers breadth of being mad.
Kahlil Gibran~ He who has not looked on Sorrow will never see Joy.
Only by acceptance of the past, can you alter it. -T S Eliot
Jerry Coleman~ Sometimes big trees grow out of acorns. I think I heard that from a squirrel.
Aesop~ We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.
A succesful man makes more money than his woman can spend. A succesful woman is one who can find such a man.
Euripides~ Youth is the best time to be rich and the best time to be poor.
The battle is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave. -Patrick Henry
John Dewey~ We can have facts without thinking but we cannot have thinking without facts.
Aesop~ You may share the labours of the great but you may not share the spoil.
John Wooden~ Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
668: The Neighbour of the Beast.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them. -Joseph Heller
Albert Einstein~ In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness and nothing is so gentle as real strength. -Ralph W. Sockman
Paul Cezanne~ We live in a rainbow of Chaos.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ How many things which served us yesterday as articles of faith are fables for us today.
John Wanamaker~ One may walk over the highest mountain one step at a time.
William Pitt~ Confidence is a plant of slow growth in an aged bosom.
Tough times gets you real friends and others get you tough times.
I used to be Snow White...but I drifted. (Mae West)
Edgar Allan Poe~ Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence.
Oscar Wilde~ One of the many lessons that one learns in prison is that things are what they are and will be what they will be.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Never for fear of feeble man restrain your witness.
George Jean Nathan~ There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Thomas Huxley~ The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact.
Alexander Pope~ Histories are more full of examples of the fidelity of dogs than of friends.
Walter Cronkite~ In seeking truth you have to get both sides of a story.
Leon Tec~ A sailor without a destination cannot hope for a favorable wind.
Joyce Brothers~ The best proof of love is trust.
Burt Bacharach~ A small town is a place where there is no place to go where you shouldnt.
Henry David Thoreau~ What a man thinks of himself that is what determines or rather indicates his fate.
Josh Billings~ Flattery is like cologne water to be smelt of not swallowed.
Albert Einstein~ Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom.
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen. -Lee Iacocca
Robert E. Lee~ The education of a man is never completed until he dies.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.
Unknown~ Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
What we need is not the will to believe, but the wish to find out. -Bertrand Russell
Love the sinner but hate the sin. (Mahatma Gandhi)
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
B. J. Gupta~ Do to others before they do to you.
Be bold in what you stand for; and careful what you fall for.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Seneca~ It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
Harriet~ Never give up for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
I wanted to be scared again... I wanted to feel unsure again. That's the only way I learn, the only way I feel challenged. -Connie Chung
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Our pleasures were simple-they included survival.
Courage is grace under pressure. -Ernest Hemingway
Olga Brouman~ She who loves roses must be patient and not cry out when she is pierced by thorns.
It is not the moutain ahead that's wearing me out, it's the grain of sand in my shoe.
Samuel Johnson~ The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
They who are all things to their neighbors cease to be anything to themselves. -Norman Douglas
Jean Rostand~ To be an adult is to be alone.
Albert Schweitzer~ As we acquire more knowldege things do not become more comprehensible but more mysterious.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I wish I had a kryptonite cross because then you could keep both Dracula AND Superman away.
Smiley Blanton~ A sense of curiosity is natures original school of education.
Samual Rutherford~ I see Christs love is so kingly that it will not abide a marrow it must have a throne all alone in the soul.
Gaius Julius Caesar~ The die is cast.
No man is exempt from saying silly things; the mischief is to say them deliberately. -Montaigne
Henry David Thoreau~ Some circumstantial evidence is very strong as when you find a trout in the milk.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Certain flaws are necessary for the whole. It would seem strange if old friends lacked certain quirks.
Henry David Thoreau~ Every man is the builder of a temple called his body.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Our business in this world is not to succeed but to continue to fail in good spirits.
Walter Dwight~ We must do something is the unanimous refrain. You begin is the deadening refrain.
Gore Vidal~ Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same half.
Charles Evans Hughes~ While democracy must have its organizations and controls its vital breath is individual liberty.
Rita Mae Brown~ Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts.
J. K. Rowling~ Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
Henry Havelock Ellis~ Dreams are real while they last. Can we say more of life
Tom Hanks~ The prejudice surrounding AIDS exacts a social death which precedes the actual physical one.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. (Paul Boese)
Thomas Carlyle~ That there should one Man die ignorant who had capacity for Knowledge this I call a tragedy.
Show me a man who cannot bother to do little things, and I'll show you a man who cannot be trusted to do big things. (Bill Cosby)
Jeff Marder~ We live in an age when pizza gets to your home before the police.
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do. -James Allen
You can get anything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want. -Zig Ziglar
Sam Levenson~ The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy.
Aristotle~ All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind.
Genius is that energy which collects, combines, amplifies, and animates. -Samuel Johnson
Aristotle~ The educated differ from the uneducated as much as the living from the dead.
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Horatio Nelson~ Desperate affairs require desperate remedies.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ No one should ever sit in this office over years old and that I know.
Johann von Goethe~ Just trust yourself then you will know how to live.
Andrea Bocelli~ All that counts in life is intention.
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ That it will never come again is what makes life sweet.
Napolean Hill~ Experience is an asset of which no worker can be cheated no matter how selfish or greedy his immediate employer may be.
It takes less time to do things right that to explain why you did it wrong. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
J. Frank Dobie~ Conform and be dull.
Lord Kelvin~ Heavier-than-air flying machines are impossible.
English Proverb~ The eyes are the window of the soul.
Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory. -Norman Vincent Peale
Moorish Proverb~ Every beetle is a gazelle in the eyes of its mother.
Stella Terrill Mann~ Whatever Gods dream about man may be it seems certain it cannot come true unless man cooperates.
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching. -Thomas Jefferson
John Sloan~ Consistency is the quality of a stagnant mind.
Terence~ So many men so many questions.
Forgiveness is unlocking the door to set someone free and realising you were the prisoner! (Max Lucado)
He has hay on his horns. [Lat., Foenum habet in cornu.] - Horace
Jewish Proverb~ If you cant go over you must go under.
George Colman~ Praise the bridge that carried you over.
Ronald Reagan~ People dont start wars governments do.
The control center of your life is your attitude. -Anonymous
Happiness consists in activity. It is a running steam, not a stagnant pool. -John Mason Good
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. -Brian Tracy
Marie Curie~ I was taught that the way of progress is neither swift nor easy.
Otto von Bismark~ Laws are like sausages it is better not to see them being made.
He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love. -St. Basil, Greek religious leader
Sybil Adelman~ Obsessions and fixations are not really my field. All I know when the mind really grabs hold of something look out.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. -Dale Carnegie
Francis Bacon~ Silence is the virtue of fools.
Shana Alexander~ We strain to renew our capacity for wonder to shock ourselves into astonishment once again.
Helmuth von Moltke~ First weigh the considerations then take the risks.
Isaac Asimov~ Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing whats right.
Sallust~ A good man would prefer to be defeated than to defeat injustice by evil means.
Anon.~ You dont love a woman because she is beautiful but she is beautiful because you love her.
Anonymous~ Write a wise saying and your name will live forever
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. -Les Brown
Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret. -Mary Kay Ash
Georg Wilhelm~ Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
Voltaire~ The way to become boring is to say everything.
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement. -Charles F. Kettering
The highest qualities of character must be earned. - Lyman Abbott
Albert Einstein~ An empty stomach is not a good political advisor.
Hippocrates~ Walking is mans best medicine.
Ralph Kiner~ All of his saves have come in relief appearances
Jewish Proverb~ Dont open a shop unless you know how to smile.
H.L. Mencken~ The most common of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true. It is the chief occupation of mankind.
Joe Moore~ Appetizers are the little things you keep eating until you lose your appetite.
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time. -Katherine Hepburn
Marie De France~ A bully is not reasonable - he is persuaded only by threats.
Crashing is the only thing windows does quickly.
All things are difficult before they are easy. -John Norley
Pray as if everything depended on GOD, Act as if everything depended on yourself!
Paul Aubuchon~ Every one in a crowd has the power to throw dirt nine out of ten have the inclination.
Sir Ralph Richardson~ Acting is merely the art of keeping a large group of people from coughing.
Robert Benchley~ An ardent supporter of the hometown team should go to a game prepared to take offense no matter what happens.
When you are afraid, do the thing you are afraid of and soon you will lose your fear of it. -Norman Vincent Peale
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Love is faith and one faith leads to another.
Roald Dahl~ We are the music makers and we are the dreamers of dreams.
Claude T Bissell~ Yearning is not only a good way to go crazy but also a pretty good place to hide out from hard truth.
Wallace Irwin~ Statistics show that of those who contract the habit of eating very few survive.
Samuel Johnson~ He who praises everybody praises nobody.
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast, to soften rocks or bend a knotted oak. -William Congreve
Ursala Lequin~ To break a promise is to deny the reality of the past Therefore it is to deny the hope of a real future....
Indira Gandhi~ You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
A young person knows the rules but the old person knows the exceptions.
Lech Walesa~ I must tell you that the supply of words on the world market is plentiful but the demand is falling.
Robert Reich~ In Washington its dog eat dog. In academia its exactly the opposite.
Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them. -Les Brown
Howard Aiken~ Time has a wonderful way of weeding out the trivial.
Gerry Spence~ I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
Eventually you will reach a point when you stop lying about your age and start bragging about it.
Samuel Beckett~ I have my faults but changing my tune is not one of them.
Norman Cousins~ Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
Robert Orben~ Theres so much pollution in the air now that if it werent for our lungs thered be no place to put it all.
Euripides~ A second wife is hateful to the children of the first a viper is not more hateful.
Joe Moore~ Its hard to tell if the world is actually growing worse or if the news coverage is just better.
Arnold Schwarzenegger~ Money doesnt make you happy. I now have million but I was just as happy when I had million.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. - Anonymous
It was high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, always do what you are afraid to do. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Henry S. Hoskins~ The greatest masterpieces were once only pigments on a palette.
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin
Swingers~ Mike & Trent Vegas baby Vegas
Karl von Clausewitz~ The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy.
I've always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative. -Sugar Ray Robinson
There are too many people praying for mountains of difficulty to be removed, when what they really need is courage to climb them.
H.L. Mencken~ A cynic is a man who when he smells flowers looks around for a coffin.
G. K. Chesterton~ It isnt that they cant see the solution. It is that they cant see the problem.
Proverbs Bible Hebrew~ Where no counsel is the people fall but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.
We were born to succeed, not to fail. -Henry David Thoreau
Samuel Butler~ The man who lets himself be bored is even more contemptible than the bore.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ In politics stupidity is not a handicap.
Euripides~ This is courage in a man to bear unflinchingly what heaven sends.
Charles Prestwich Scott~ Comments are free but facts are sacred.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. (Malcolm Forbes)
Unknown~ Love is friendship caught on fire.
Woody Allen~ I will not eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick - not wounded - dead.
Methods are many, Principles are few. Methods change often, Principles never do.
Strong expressions create deep impressions. (Skip Ernst)
William Shakespeare~ And many strokes though with a little axe Hew down and fell the hardest-timbered oak.
Cornelius Tacitus~ I am my nearest neighbour.
Charles Augustin Sainte-Beauve~ Tell me who admires you and loves you and I will tell you who you are.
Harper Lee~ The one thing that doesnt abide by majority rule is a persons conscience.
Be who you are and say what you feel: because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. (Dr. Suess)
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors, and miss.
Muriel Strode~ I will not follow where the path may lead but I will go where there is no path and I will leave a trail.
I spent a lot of time with a crown on my head. [On her beauty pageant days]. - Halle Berry
Albert Einstein~ Each of us visits this Earth involuntarily and without an invitation. For me it is enough to wonder at the secrets.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ It is as hard for the good to suspect evil as it is for the bad to suspect good.
For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward. -Jim Rohn
Oscar Wilde~ The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Charles De Gaulle~ What do you take me for an idiot
Isaac Asimov~ Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. Its the transition thats troublesome.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. (William James)
Charles M. Schulz~ No problem is so formidable that you cant walk away from it.
Norman Brenner~ The intermediate stage between socialism and capitalism is alcoholism.
William Cowper~ He has no hope who never had a fear.
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. -African Proverb
Mary Pettibone Poole~ People who are always making allowances for themselves soon go bankrupt.
Toni Morrison~ Love is or it aint. Thin love aint love at all.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. -William Saroyan
The key to successful leadership is influence, not authority. -Kenneth Blanchard
Making a success of the job at hand is the best step toward the kind you want. -Bernard M. Baruch
All things come to him who waits - provided he knows what he is waiting for. -Woodrow T. Wilson
Many people lose their tempers merely by seeing you keep yours.
John Stuart Mill~ That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of our time.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do. -Bob Dylan
Suze Orman~ Its better to do nothing with your money than something you dont understand.
Zoroaster~ TAKING THE FIRST FOOTSTEP with a good thought the second with a good word and the third with a good deed I entered paradise.
Kahlil Gibran~ History does not repeat itself except in the minds of those who do not know history.
Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart. (Zig Ziglar)
Eugene ONeill~ Critics I love every bone in their heads.
Search for the seed of good in every adversity. -Og Mandino
J. Petit-Senn~ Where talent is a dwarf self-esteem is a giant.
Danish proverb~ One drink is just right two is too many three are too few.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Let us make hay while the sun shines.
Aristotle~ Consider pleasures as they depart not as they come.
Miguel de Cervantes~ It is a true saying that a man must eat a peck of salt with his friend before he knows him.
Anon.~ To succeed in politics it is often necessary to rise above your principles.
By gnawing through a dyke, even a rat may drown a nation. -Edmund Burke
Hippocrates~ There are in fact two things science and opinion the former begets knowledge the latter ignorance.
Cicero~ To be content with what one has is the greatest and truest of riches.
Czech Proverb~ When you go to buy use your eyes not your ears.
Publilius Syrus~ Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
William Ellery Channing~ Difficulties are meant to rouse not discourage.
Mark Twain~ Under certain circumstances profanity provides a relief denied even to prayer.
Albert Schweitzer~ Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now - always.
William Blake~ I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans.
Claiborne Pell~ The secret is to always let the other man have your way.
Unknown~ The man who said he never had a chance never took a chance.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. -Henry Kaiser
Heroes and winners aren't the same thing.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. -Benjamin Disraeli
Christina Petrowsky~ Autumn is the bite of the harvest apple.
Felix G. Rohatyn~ What is desperately needed ... is the skepticism and the sense of history that a liberal arts education provides.
There is the greatest practical benefit in making a few failures early in life. -Thomas Henry Huxley
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. -Henry Ford
Charles Monroe Schultz~ Life is like a ten speed bike. Most of us have gears we never use.
Buddha~ To keep the body in good health is a duty. . . otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
William Shakespeare~ Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
I just wake up and say, "You're a bum, go do something worthwhile today.". -Garth Brooks
Wendell Berry~ To cherish what remains of the Earth and to foster its renewal is our only legitimate hope of survival.
Lactantius~ Where fear is present wisdom cannot be.
John Mason Brown~ He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
Peter McArthur~ A satirist is a man who discovers unpleasant things about himself and then says them about other people.
The highest virtue found in the tropics is chastity, and in the colder regions, temperance. -Christian Nevell Bovee
Charles Dudley Warner~ I am convinced that the majority of people would be generous from selfish motives if they had the opportunity.
Edmund Burke~ Never despair but if you do work on in despair.
Dreams come true, without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. (John Updike)
Jewish Proverb~ What you dont see with your eyes dont invent with your mouth.
Good friends are good for your health. -Irwin Sarason
Cato the Elder~ An orator is a good man who is skilled in speaking.
Alexander Pope~ Like bubbles on the sea of matter borne They rise they break and to that sea return.
Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die. (Cindy Clabough)
Sean OCasey~ All the worlds a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
Will Rogers~ Everything is funny as long as it is happening to Somebody Else.
George Eliot~ Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions they pass no criticisms.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. - Charles F. Kettering
Ben Gaye III~ No amount of travel on the wrong road will bring you to the right destination.
Mark Twain~ Pessimism is only the name that men of weak nerve give to wisdom.
Evenius~ The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
It's easier to get rich than it is to explain not getting rich. -E James Rohn
B. J. Gupta~ Creativity comes from zeal to do something generally it is to make some money.
Jerome Blattner~ A person who trusts no one cant be trusted.
John Andrew Holmes~ A good excercise for the heart is to bend down and help another up.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Viewed from the summit of reason all life looks like a malignant disease and the world like a madhouse.
Acting is a matter of giving away secrets. - Ellen Barkin
To overcome evil with good is good, to resist evil by evil is evil. (Prophet Mohammed)
Wayne W Dyer~ Infinite patience brings immediate results.
African Proverb~ Where there is no shame there is no honor.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Suzanne Heller~ Misery is when you make your bed and then your mother tells you its the day shes changing the sheets.
Don't be afraid of tomorrow, for God has already been there.
Aesop~ The gods help them that help themselves.
Marquis de Sade~ Any enjoyment is weakened when shared.
Death comes to all. But great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold. -George Fabricius
Interest makes some people blind, and others quick-sighted. - Francis Beaumont
Ellen Stugis Hooper~ I slept and dreamed that life was beauty.I awoke - and found that life was duty.
To doubt is worse than to have lost; And to despair is but to antedate those miseries that must fall on us. -Philip Massinger
John Erskine~ Theres a difference between beauty and charm. A beautiful woman is one I notice. A charming woman is one who notices me.
Vince Lombardi~ Our greatest glory was not in never falling but in rising when we fell.
To be or not to be... I think its a trick question.
Neil Kinnock~ I would die for my country but I could never let my country die for me.
Reality can be beaten with enough imagination. -Unknown Author
Be absolutely determined to enjoy what you do. -Gerry Sikorski
Ramsey Clark~ If Rosa Parks had not refused to move to the back of the bus you and I might never have heard of Dr Martin Luther King.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ To believe is to know you believe and to know you believe is not to believe.
Plutarch~ For to err in opinion though it be not the part of wise men is at least human.
George Bernard Shaw~ Better keep yourself clean and bright you are the window through which you must see the world.
Jewish Proverb~ If the rich could hire someone else to die for them the poor would make a wonderful living.
Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget about everything except what you're going to do now - and do it. -William Durant
Lee Simonson~ Any event once it has occurred can be made to appear inevitable by a competent historian.
American Indian Proverb~ Listen or your tongue will keep you deaf.
John Ruskin~ The highest reward for mans toil is not what he gets for it but what he becomes by it.
Funny is an attitude. -Flip Wilson
Karen Sunde~ To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
Henry David Thoreau~ Faint heart never won true friend. O my friend may it come to pass once that when you are my friend I may be yours.
Herodotus~ Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.
The really idle man gets nowhere. The perpetually busy man does not get much further. -Sir Heneage Ogilvie
Unknown~ Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
Ralph Nader~ I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders not more followers.
Will Rogers~ With Congress every time they make a joke its a law and every time they make a law its a joke.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live. - Margaret Fuller
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. -Albert Einstein
Windows is NOT a virus. Viruses DO something.
Marco A. Almazan~ The truly skillful politician is one who when he comes to a fork in the road goes both ways.
How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings?
The most complex things are the simplest. - Agni Celeste
Edmund Spenser~ A stern discipline pervades all nature which is a little cruel that it may be very kind.
Oscar Wilde~ I suppose that I shall have to die beyond my means.
Anon.~ An expert is someone who knows more and more about less and less until eventually he knows everything about nothing.
Edwin Schlossberg~ The skill of writing is to create a context in which other people can think.
Biblical Proverb~ Great men are not always wise.
To measure the man, measure his heart. -Malcolm Stevenson Forbes
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Playing dead not only comes in handy when face to face with a bear but also at important business meetings.
Men are more important than tools. If you don't believe so, put a good tool into the hands of a poor workman. -John J. Bernet
George Burns~ Happiness is having a large loving caring close-knit family in another city.
Albert Einstein~ I dont know how man will fight World War III but I do know how they will fight World War IV with sticks and stones.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Heinrich Heine~ Ordinarily he was insane but he had lucid moments when he was merely stupid.
Jane Austen~ We have all a better guide in ourselves if we would attend to it than any other person can be.
A stumble may prevent a fall. -English proverb
The past doesn't equal the future. -Anthony Robbins
Albert Einstein~ Relativity applies to physics not ethics.
Loren Klein~ To touch is to experience but to feel is to live.
Henry Miller~ Chaos is the score upon which reality is written.
Josh Billings~ Every man has his follies - and often they are the most interesting thing he has got.
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals. -Aristotle
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. -Elbert Hubbard
Edgard Varese~ Everyone is born with genius but most people only keep it a few minutes.
Saint Francis of Assisi~ For it is in giving that we receive.
He and I had an office so tiny that an inch smaller and it would have been adultery. - Dorothy Parker
One man all by himself is nothing. Two people who belong together make a world. -Hans Margolius
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, Well why can't they make the whole plane out of the same stuff?
Johann von Goethe~ Love grants in a moment what toil can hardly achieve in an age.
Old School~ Heidi Well do you want me to be honest or do you want me to tell you this is the first time
What is right is often forgotten by what is convenient.
Eleanor H. Porter~ Its funny how dogs and cats know the inside of folks better than other folks do isnt it
If you still have the courage after loosing all , you can be rest assured that you have not lost everything.
Mark Twain~ The proper office of a friend is to side with you when you are wrong. Nearly anybody will side with you when you are right.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Tis the good reader that makes the good book.
Pierre Corneille~ Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so. - Unknown
Kahlil Gibran~ I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge silence to be ignorance and affection to be art.
Matthew Trump~ Diplomacy is the art of knowing what not to say.
Simeon Strunsky~ Famous remarks are very seldom quoted correctly.
Edith Nesbitt~ It is wonderful how quickly you get used to things even the most astonishing.
J. Martin Kohe~ The greatest power that a person possesses is the power to choose.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
Don't complain about the snow on your neighbor's roof when your own doorstep is unclean. -Confucius
Confucius~ What is the sound of one hand clapping
The memory of bad quality lasts longer than the shock of high prices.
Diane Elizabeth Duane~ Those who dont know the mistakes of the past wont be able to enjoy it when they make them again in the future.
If you can not find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it? -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A signature always reveals a man's character... and sometimes even his name.
I believe in the Big Bang theory. God spoke and BANG! It was.
Every truth has two sides. It is well to look at both sides before we commit ourselves to either side. -Aesop
What's the worst thing that can happen to a quarterback? He loses his confidence. -Terry Bradshaw
Louis L. Mann~ What happens to a man is less significant than what happens within him.
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. -Gracian Baltasar
Thomas Alva Edison~ Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Talk peaceful to be peaceful. -Norman Vincent Peale
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ There is no course of life so weak and sottish as that which is managed by order method and discipline.
Euripides~ The man who knows when not to act is wise. To my mind bravery is forethought.
With prayer as with other gifts from God, it is not what you get that counts, it's what you do with it.
Jewish Proverb~ Ask about your neighbors then buy the house.
Arnold Glasgow~ Beware of those who laugh at nothing or everything.
Mark Twain~ When one has tasted watermelon he knows what the angels eat.
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut. -Anonymous
John Kenneth Galbraith~ In economics the majority is always wrong.
Be yourself- who else is better qualified? (Frank J. Giblin II)
Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn~ It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.
Sir Winston Churchill~ Solitary trees if they grow at all grow strong.
Edward Gibbon~ History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes follies and misfortunes of mankind.
Oscar Wilde~ I think that God in creating Man somewhat overestimated his ability.
Francis Bacon~ Universities incline wits to sophistry and affectation.
Booker T. Washington~ There are two ways of exerting ones strength one is pushing down the other is pulling up.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. - Epictetus
Karl Wallenda~ Being on the tightrope is living everything else is waiting.
Irish Proverb~ Better be quarreling than lonesome.
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. -Eric Hoffer
John Donne~ Twice or thrice had I loved thee Before I knew thy face or name.
No one wants advice - only corroboration. - The Winter of Our Discontent. - John Steinbeck
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps. -David Lloyd George
Will Rogers~ Theres no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
Life is hard, no one makes it out alive.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Whatever fortune has raised to a height she has raised only to cast it down.
Proverbs Bible~ A soft answer turneth away wrath.
Never interrupt your opponent while he is making a mistake (Napoleon Bonaparte)
John Steinbeck~ Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them and pretty soon you have a dozen.
Isadora Duncan~ Dancing The Highest Intelligence in the Freest Body.
One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own fire. -John W. Foster
Anne Tyler~ It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Ill-luck you know seldom comes alone.
You are what you think about all day long. -Dr. Robert Schuller
Edward Keating~ You do not destroy an idea by killing people you replace it with a better one.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. -William Wallace
Epicurus~ The greater the difficulty the more the glory in surmounting it.
John Maynard Keynes~ Ideas shape the course of history.
I used to have a photographic memory, but it was never developed....
To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working. -Dennis Weaver
The great advantage of being in a rut is that when one is in a rut, one knows exactly where one is. -Thomas Arnold Bennett
Orison Swett Marden~ All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
A friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
Anon.~ CDOS CDOSRUN RUNDOSRUN
Henry Adams~ Politics as a practice whatever its professions has always been the systematic organization of hatreds.
William Shakespeare~ Brevity is the soul of wit.
Florida Scott-Maxwell~ I grow more intense as I age.
Good is not good where better is expected. -Thomas Fuller
Mario M Cuomo~ I am a trial lawyer. ... Matilda says that at dinner on a good day I sound like an affidavit.
Mere goodness can achieve little against the power of nature. - Georg Hegel
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. (Henry Ford)
Anon.~ Power (n) The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
D. Elton Trueblood~ Faith is not belief without proof but trust without reservation.
Love is not finding a perfect person, it is seeing an imperfect person perfectly.
Bradley Miller~ Teaching a child not to step on a caterpillar is as valuable to the child as it is to the caterpillar.
Samuel Taliaferro Rayburn~ No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Thomas Fuller~ Trust thyself only and another shall not betray thee.
George Whitefield~ We are immortal until our work on earth is done.
When speculation has done its worse, two and two still make four. -Samuel Johnson
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour. -Jim Rohn
Efficiency is doing better what is already being done. -Peter F. Drucker
Tradition is a guide not a jailer. (W. Somerset Maugham)
Aristotle~ It is in justice that the ordering of society is centered.
Wendell Berry~ In health the flesh is graced the holy enters the world.
Thomas Fuller~ Better hazard once than always be in fear.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hansell B. Duckett~ What this country needs is more free speech worth listening to.
Ali ibn-Abi-Talib~ He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare And he who has one enemy will meet him everywhere.
Christopher Columbus~ Following the light of the sun we left the Old World.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Love not what you are but what you may become.
All men of action are dreamers. -James G. Huneker
Don Marquis~ Man cannot be uplifted he must be seduced into virtue.
The block of granite, which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a stepping stone in the path of the strong. -Thomas Carlyle
I am a big believer that eventually everything comes back to you. You get back what you give out. -Nancy Reagan
Fortune sides with him who dares. -Virgil
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character. - Vince Gill
Margot Asquith~ What a pity when Christopher Colombus discovered America that he ever mentioned it.
Birds sing after a storm; why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them?. - Rose F. Kennedy
The rule of my life is to make business a pleasure, and pleasure my business. - Aaron Burr
Herbert Clark Hoover~ There are only two occasions when Americans respect privacy especially in Presidents. Those are prayer and fishing.
If you are headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ When you cease to make a contribution you begin to die.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
A wise enemy is still safer than a fool friend.
Kurt Vonnegut~ New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with the richer we become.
Helen Hayes~ Always aim for achievement and forget about success.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of overcoming of it. -Helen Keller
William Shakespeare~ So may he rest his faults lie gently on him
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. -Unknown Author
Benjamin Disraeli~ As a rule he or she who has the most information will have the greatest success in life.
Kahlil Gibran~ Say not I have found the truth but rather I have found a truth.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Although prepared for martyrdom I preferred that it be postponed.
You can survive on charm for about 5 minutes...after that, you'd better know something!
Ambrose Redmoon~ Courage is not the absence of fear but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.
George Bernard Shaw~ Hell is full of musical amateurs music is the brandy of the damned.
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose. (Hadia Bejar)
Russell P. Askue~ If living conditions dont stop improving in this country were going to run out of humble beginnings for our great men.
Aristotle~ I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who overcomes his enemies.
Javan~ I dont wish to be everything to everyone but I would like to be something to someone.
Malcolm Cowley~ They tell you that youll lose your mind when you grow older. What they dont tell you is that you wont miss it very much.
William Blake~ What is now proved was once only imagined.
Anonymous~ Dont let yourself forget what its like to be sixteen.
Thomas Hardy~ A mans silence is wonderful to listen to.
Confucius~ They must often change who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Noela Evans~ Challenge is a dragon with a gift in its mouthTame the dragon and the gift is yours.
Abraham Lincoln~ Character is like a tree and reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it the tree is the real thing.
Don't tell a man how to do a thing. Tell him what you want done, and he'll surprise you with his ingenuity. (General George S. Patton)
Don't control, be in control. (Kwai Chang Caine in Kung Fu, The Legend Continues)
Intelligence is like underwear, everyone has it but you don't have to show it off.
Theodore Roosevelt~ Speak softly and carry a big stick you will go far.
Most writers regard truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use. -Mark Twain
Rebecca West~ The main difference between men and women is that men are lunatics and women are idiots.
Sir Thomas Beecham~ Try everything once except incest and folk dancing.
Sallust~ The soul is the captain and ruler of the life of morals.
Joseph Chilton Pearce~ To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Chinese Proverb~ When you want to test the depths of a stream dont use both feet.
Marcel Archard~ Women like silent men. They think theyre listening.
William S. Burroughs~ A paranoid is someone who knows a little of whats going on.
Jesse Lair~ Children are not things to be molded but are people to be unfolded.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength. -Ralph Sockman
Mark Twain~ The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.
Nothing adventured, nothing attained. -Peter Mcwilliams
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ A friend is as it were a second self.
George Orwell~ Society has always seemed to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice.
Don't just learn the tricks of the trade. Learn the trade. - James Bennis
Charles Dickens~ Minds like bodies will often fall into a pimpled ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
Laertius Diogenes~ Democritus says But we know nothing really for truth lies deep down.
Self-will so ardent and active that it will break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on. -Richard Cecil
Mark Twain~ Water taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
Cicero~ He removes the greatest ornament of friendship who takes away from it respect.
Alfred Victor Vigny~ The true God the mighty God is the God of ideas.
George Henry Lewes~ The only cure for grief is action.
Pessimism never won any battle. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world. -Walt Disney
He that gives should not remember, he that receives should never forget. -Talmud
Cornelius Tacitus~ That cannot be safe which is not honourable.
Henry David Thoreau~ Men are born to succeed not to fail.
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get. -Robert Orben
Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out. -James Bryant Conant
If the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, maybe yours needs a little more tending.
Herodotus~ Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
An act of God was defined as "something which no reasonable man could have expected.". -A. P. Herbert
E. V. Lucas~ I have noticed that the people who are late are often so much jollier than the people who have to wait for them.
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated. -Lou Holtz
Kahlil Gibran~ Our worst fault is our preoccupation with the faults of others.
That's why many fail-because they don't get started-they don't go. They don't overcome inertia. They don't begin. -W Clement Stone
Dean Martin~ If you drink dont drive. Dont even putt.
Tom Lehrer~ I know that there are people who do not love their fellow man and I hate people like that
Publilius Syrus~ It is a very hard undertaking to seek to please everybody.
Ibycus~ Contests allow no excuses no more do friendships.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests. -Epictetus
To respond is positive, to react is negative. -Zig Ziglar
Elmer Davis~ This will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave.
Adelle Davis~ We are indeed much more than what we eat but what we eat can nevertheless help us to be much more than what we are.
E. M. Forster~ I would rather be a coward than brave because people hurt you when you are brave.
Stephen Nachmanovitch~ Creative work is play. It is free speculation using materials of ones chosen form.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
You grow up the first day you have your first good laugh-at yourself. -Ethel Barrymore
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ To philosophize is to doubt.
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread. -Mother Teresa
Eckhart Tolle~ Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have.
Samuel Johnson~ Our brightest blazes of gladness are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
Herb Caen~ Cockroaches and socialites are the only things that can stay up all night and eat anything.
Thomas Carlyle~ Blessed is he who has found his work let him ask no other blessedness.
Don't be concerned others not appreciating you. Be concerned about your not appreciating others. (Confucius)
Garrison Keillor~ I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it.
Abraham Lincoln~ With the fearful strain that is on me night and day if I did not laugh I should die.
Virginia~ On the outskirts of every agony sits some observant fellow who points.
Herbert Spencer~ Opinion is ultimately determined by the feelings and not by the intellect.
Tom J. Connelly~ He who asks a question may be a fool for five minutes but he who never asks a question remains a fool forever.
People never say, "It's only a game", when they're winning.
Bobby Clarke~ We take the shortest route to the puck and arrive in ill humor.
C.J. Harbison~ I am like SPAM Some people like me some people hate me but nobody knows what Im made of.
If you woke up this morning with more health than illness...you are more blessed than the million who will not survive this week.
A successful team is a group of many hands but of one mind. -Bill Bethel
Lao Tzu~ It is the Vague and Elusive. Meet it and you will not see its head. Follow it and you will not see its back.
Ann Landers~ Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
Josh Billings~ Laughing is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one spot.
Dudley Moore~ The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
George Chapman~ Theyre only truly great who are truly good.
James Barrie~ Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight always try to be a little kinder than is necessary.
Buddha~ He who loves people has woes he who loves no one has no woes.
Baltasar Gracian~ The wise man does at once what the fool does finally.
Theodore Roosevelt~ The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do before your head has figured it out. - Michael Burke
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ My new millionaire idea is one regular shoe and one swollen shoe for when you get bit by a rattlesnake.
The ends must justify the means. -Matthew Prior
Benjamin Disraeli~ Action may not always bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.
Carl Sagan~ They laughed at Einstein. They laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
A certain amount of opposition is of great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with the wind. -John Neal
There are some people who live in a dream world, and there are some who face reality; and then there are those who turn one into the other.
Thomas Jefferson~ When angry count ten before you speak if very angry an hundred.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. -Buddha.
Chinese Proverb~ If you must play decide on three things at the start the rules of he game the stakes and the quitting time.
Winifred Holtby~ The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
Hasidic Saying~ Be the master of your will and the slave of your conscience.
Guy Finley~ Spend everyday casual but industrious Every moment alert but relaxed.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. - Ambrose Bierce
Albert Einstein~ Those people have seen something. What it is I do not know and I can not care to know. (on flying saucers)
It is funny how we can see this outside world using our eyes; and we can see someone's inside world looking into their eyes.
John Owen~ Science cannot resolve moral conflicts but it can help to more accurately frame the debates about those conflicts.
One sees great things from the valley, only small things from the peak. -G. K. Chesterton
Nikita Khrushchev~ We say the name of God but that is only habit.
It is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe. -Larry Eisenberg
We go where our vision is. -Joseph Edward Murphy
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Evan Esar~ You cant do anything about the length of your life but you can do something about its width and depth.
Brendan Francis~ No man can discover his own talents.
Robert Collyer~ A mans best friends are his ten fingers.
Vince Lombardi~ People who work together will win whether it be against complex football defenses or the problems of modern society.
If you think you are getting too much government these days, just be happy that you're not getting all you are paying for.
Rose Elizabeth Bird~ If I have not seen as far as others it is because giants were standing on my shoulders.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
Gary Sinise~ Careers like rockets dont always take off on schedule. The key is to keep working the engines.
Eric Hoffer~ It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love ones neighbor.
Marquis de Sade~ All universal moral principles are idle fantasies.
Jane Wyman~ The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
When they say Doctors are practicing, they aren't kidding.
For any problem there is a solution that is simple, quick, and ultimately worse than the problem.
Stephen Ambrose~ The past is a source of knowledge and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
Susan S. Taylor~ Thoughts are energy. And you can make your world or break your world by thinking.
Alanis Morissette~ What I have to say is far more important than how long my eyelashes are.
Nick Seitz~ The breakfast of champions is not cereal its the opposition.
Fran Lebowitz~ Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for book publications.
Airplane~ Rumack Yes I am serious... and dont call me Shirley.
David Grayson~ Adventure is not outside a man it is within.
James Halliwell~ If wishes were horses beggars would ride.
Repentance is sorrow for the deed..not for getting caught.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ It does not matter how many books you have but how good the books are which you have.
You can clutch the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present. -Jan Glidewell
Sacha Guitry~ When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ The thing always happens that you really believe in and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Anonymous~ Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
Oscar Levant~ Happiness isnt something you experience its something you remember.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. -George S. Patton
Oscar Wilde~ Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
James Truslow Adams~ Be not afraid of life. Believe that life IS worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Danish proverb~ He who would leap high must take a long run.
A good heart is better than all the heads in the world. -Edward Lytton
Whatever good things we build end up building us. -Jim Rohn
A man deep-wounded may feel too much pain To feel much anger. - George Eliot (pseudonym of Mary Ann Evans Cross)
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Theres nothing that keeps its youth So far as I know but a tree and truth.
Euripides~ Circumstances rule men and not men rule circumstances.
For what is the best choice, for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -Aristotle
Honore de Balzac~ The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
Everything is perfect in the universe - even your desire to improve it. -Wayne Dyer
G. K. Chesterton~ An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered.
The manager asks how and when; the leader asks what and why. -Warren Bennis
Unknown~ Dont be with someone you can live with be with someone you cant live without.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ What greater pain could mortals have than this To see their children dead before their eyes
Fred Allen~ Committee - a group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group decide that nothing can be done.
Eric Hoffer~ Absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power.
If you once turn on your side after the hour at which you ought to rise, it is all over. Bolt up at once. -Sir Walter Scott
Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise. -William Shakespeare
English Proverb~ When a proud man hears another praised he feels himself injured.
Love is the only capable force of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Careers, like rockets, don't always take off on schedule. The key is to keep working the engines. -Gary Sinise
George Jean Nathan~ No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
Ask five economists and you'll get five different answers (six if one went to Harvard). - Edgar R. Fiedler
Lord Stafford mines for coal and salt, The Duke of Norfolk deals in malt, The Douglas in red herrings. - Fitz-Greene Halleck
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If I ever get real rich I hope Im not real mean to poor people like I am now.
Nikita Khrushchev~ I want to talk to these people because they stay in power and you change all the time.
Henry David Thoreau~ To a philosopher all news as it is called is gossip an they who edit and read it are old women over their tea.
He studies the Bible of fifty-two leaves (a pack of cards). - Proverb
Glenn Holm~ To find something you can enjoy is far better than finding something you can possess.
Image creates desire. You will want what you imagine. -J. G. Gallimore
Anita Roddick~ And remember this if you ever think youre too small to be effective - youve never been in bed with a mosquito.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
Nicole Kidman~ When you reliquish the desire to control your future you can have more happiness.
Before a man can stand he must learn to kneel.
Andrew Schneider~ This is Chris-in-the-Morning with the weather and time - hours later than it was yesterday and cold.
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do. -Orison Swett Marden
Alighieri Dante~ The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crises maintain their neutrality.
Baronne Anne Louise Germaine Necker de Stal Stal~ We understand death for the first time when he puts his hand upon one whom we love.
John Updike~ Art is like baby shoes. When you coat them with gold they can no longer be worn.
Ossian Lang~ The happy person is the one who finds occasions for joy at every step. He does not have to look for them he just finds them.
Johannes Meister Eckhart~ If the only prayer you said in your whole life was thank you that would suffice.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. It's what sunflowers do. -Helen Keller
Jamaican Proverb~ No call alligator long mouth till you pass him.
Correct one fault at a time. Concentrate on the one fault you want to overcome. -Sam Snead
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. -Dalai Lama
Italian Proverb~ Between saying and doing many a pair of shoes is worn out.
The secret of true greatness is simplicity.
A dog who attends a flea circus most likely will steal the whole show.
I once saw this sign on a diner wall: "I have an agreement with the bank: they don't fry hamburgers, and I don't cash checks."
Robertson Davies~ Authors like cats because they are such quiet lovable wise creatures and cats like authors for the same reasons.
Chance happens to all, but to turn chance to account is the gift of few. -Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand. -Thomas Carlyle
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. (John Bunyan)
Margaret Fuller~ Beware of over-great pleasure in being popular or even beloved.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. -George Bernard Shaw
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ No one would talk much in society if he knew how often he misunderstood others.
Jeseph Joubert~ Children need models more than they need critics.
They have all sorts of new services today. Now they've got a dial-a-prayer service for atheists. You call a number and nobody answers.
Sydney Smith~ Never try to reason the prejudice out of a man. It was not reasoned into him and cannot be reasoned out.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital. -Daniel Webster
William M. Holden~ Hell is paved with good Samaritans.
Voltaire~ To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid you must also be well-mannered.
The highest happiness of man... is to have probed what is knowable and quietly to revere what is unknowable. -Goethe
Fran Lebowitz~ Ive done the calculation and your chances of winning the lottery are identical whether you play or or not.
Chinese Proverb~ Use power to curb power.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ The giving of love is an education in itself.
Charles Dickens~ I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free.
Success is a ladder you cannot climb with your hands in your pockets. -American Proverb
Homer~ A multitude of rulers is not a good thing. Let there be one ruler one king.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. -John C. Maxwell
Ronald Reagan~ Abortion is advocated only by persons who have themselves been born.
Samuel Foote~ He is not only dull himself but the cause of dullness in others.
The sharp employ the sharp. -Douglas William Jerrold
When no one is watching, live as if someone is.
Saint Augustine~ Give me chastity and continence but not yet.
Some people take too much of vitamin "I".
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Life is a festival only to the wise.
Samuel Smiles~ Enthusiasm...the sustaining power of all great action.
Samuel Johnson~ The true strong and sound mind is the mind that can embrace equally great things and small.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business, is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things. - Robert Louis Stevenson
John Skelton~ I say thou mad March hare.
If you cannot win, make the one ahead of you break the record. -Jan Mckeithen
The road to success is always under construction.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Conscience is the inner voice that warns us that someone might be looking.
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Henri Frdric Amiel~ You desire to know the art of living my friend It is contained in one phrase make use of suffering.
Addison Walker~ Its not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts.
James Arthur Baldwin~ Beyond talent lie all the usual words discipline love luck - but most of all endurance.
Unknown~ I would rather reach for the stars Then at least I know That I could never end up with dirt on my hands.
Russell M. Nelson~ We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God we barely blossom on earth we fully flower in heaven.
Anon.~ Bad Command or File Name. Good try though.
David Bissonette~ They tell you that youll lose your mind when you grow older. What they dont tell you is that you wont miss it very much.
Zelda Fitzgerald~ She refused to be bored chiefly because she wasnt boring.
Yiddish Proverb~ Stupidities that succeed are still stupidities.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. - Henry David Thoreau
Joseph Addison~ There is nothing that makes its way more directly to the soul than beauty.
Saskya Pandita~ By depending on the great The small may rise high. See the little plant ascending the tall tree Has climbed to the top.
I would rather attempt something great and fail than attempt to do nothing and succeed. -Robert Schuller
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything; They just make the best of everything that comes along their way.
You can't pick cherries with your back to the tree. -J. P. Morgan
Aristotle~ Nature does nothing uselessly.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough. -Emily Dickenson
Terry Cohen~ He who laughs last is generally the last to get the joke.
Unknown~ A friend is someone who dances with you in the sunlight And walks with you in the shadows.
Sylvia Robinson~ Some think its holding on that makes one strong sometimes its letting go.
Christian Nestell~ The beauty seen is partly in him who sees it.
Kahlil Gibran~ The truly religious man does not embrace a religion and he who embraces one has no religion.
Want to learn to eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, you will be around long enough to eat a lot. -Anthony Robbins
Dylan Thomas~ Do not go gentle into that good night.
G. K. Chesterton~ If there were no God there would be no Atheists.
Miguel de Cervantes~ A good name is better than riches.
Isaac Bashevis Singer~ Doubt is part of all religion. All the religious thinkers were doubters.
I suppose I have a highly developed capacity for self-delusion, so it's no problem for me to believe that I'm somebody else. - Daniel Day-lewis
John Milton~ The mind is its own place and in itself can make a Heaven of Hell a Hell of Heaven.
Ovid~ Take rest a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
William Shakespeare~ Frailty thy name is woman
Alan B. Watts~ Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within. -Plautus
Child Age ~ Ive learned that I like my teacher because she cries when we sing Silent Night.
Robert Jackson~ The price of freedom of religion or of speech or of the press is that we must put up with a good deal of rubbish.
Alan Dean Foster~ Freedom is just Chaos with better lighting.
You don't look at a picture of a Chevy when you drive a Cadillac.
Lee Iacocca~ In a completely rational society the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.
You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it. -Earvin Magic Johnson
Henry Havelock Ellis~ What we call morals is simply blind obedience to words of command.
The degree of panic is the degree of the lack of personal spiritual experience with God. (Oswald Chambers)
The man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away. -Charles Schwab
Cato the Elder~ Patience is the greatest of all virtues.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Dying is a very dull dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
Wisdom is scar tissue in disguise. - Anonymous
Harry S Truman~ I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.
Walter Winchell~ Nothing recedes like success.
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve. -Wilfred A. Peterson
Abraham Lincoln~ Tis better to be silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.
Serve Locally - Pray Globally
Amanda Bradley~ Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving make every day a holiday and celebrate just living
Aviation is proof that given, the will, we have the capacity to achieve the impossible. -Edward Vernon Rickenbacker
Confucius~ I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears. -Glenn Clark
Even if I'm not asleep, that doesn't mean I'm awake.
Australian Aboriginal Proverb~ Those who lose dreaming are lost.
John Harold~ Without trust words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust words become life itself.
Will Rogers~ Our constitution protects aliens drunks and U.S. Senators.
Everything can be improved. -C. W. Barron
I believe that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another. - Thomas Jefferson
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill. - Sir Edward Appleton
John Howard Payne~ Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam Be it ever so humble theres no place like home.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top up s. -Peter Davies
How agree the kettle and the earthen pot together? - Bible
John Donne~ Love built on beauty soon as beauty dies.
Socrates~ Wisdom begins in wonder.
It is easier to believe than to doubt. -Everett D. Martin
Cyril Connolly~ A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Fate is nothing but the deeds committed in a prior state of existence.
You don't drown by falling in the water. You drown by staying there. -Unknown Author
Our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us. -Stephen Covey
Choose your love, love your choice.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ We learn not in the school but in life.
Flattery is telling others exactly what they think of themselves.
Lao Tzu~ He who knows does not speak. He who speaks does not know.
Paul Eldridge~ Man is ready to die for an idea provided that idea is not quite clear to him.
Only those who dare to fail greatly, can ever achieve greatly. -Robert F. Kennedy
Unknown~ The future belongs to those who dare.
The horn of plenty is usually the one behind you in traffic!
Lord Acton~ Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards. -Abraham Lincoln
Kelly Marshall~ It matters not how tall you are but how straight you grow.
Nikki Giovanni~ We love because its the only true adventure.
Remember this - very little is needed to make a happy life. -Marcus Aurelius
Wilson Mizner~ Always be nice to people on the way up because youll meet the same people on the way down.
Anon.~ Remember people will judge you by your actions not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold - but so does a hard-boiled egg.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ If you wished to be loved love.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Where there is love there is life.
Death is life's way of telling you you're fired.
Kurt Herbert Alder~ The only infallible criterion of wisdom to vulgar minds - success.
Ken Kesey~ Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
Pretty much all the honest truthtelling there is in the world is done by children. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. -Angelique Arnauld
You must make your own opportunities. -John B. Gough
Lois McMaster Bujold~ You try to give away what you want yourself.
Non-smoking area: If we see you smoking we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action.
Elmer G. Letterman~ Personality can open doors but only character can keep them open.
Nick Richardson~ Love is what is left in a relationship after all the selfishness is taken out.
Victor Hugo~ An invasion of armies can be resisted but not an idea whose time has come.
Saint Thomas Aquinas~ Justice is a certain rectitude of mind whereby a man does what he ought to do in circumstances confronting him.
Albert Einstein~ Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Ambrose Bierce~ Brain an apparatus with which we think we think.
Of all the tyrants the world affords, Our own affections are the fiercest lords. - Earl Of Sterling
If we don't know our own history, we are doomed to live it. (Hannah Arendt)
Every good friend once was a stranger.
Stanislaw Lem~ Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. -Laertius Diogenes
Johann von Goethe~ A mans errors are what make him amiable.
A happy person is one whose arithmetic is at its best when they is counting their blessings.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different. -Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Bjarne Stroustrup~ C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot. C++ makes it harder but when you do it blows away your whole leg.
Marcel Proust~ We dont receive wisdom we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take us or spare us.
Arnold J. Toynbee~ The supreme accomplishment is to blur the line between work and play.
Sir Winston Churchill~ For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use being anything else.
Baltasar Gracian~ Do pleasant things yourself but unpleasant things through others.
The Lord loves a cheerful giver. He also accepts from a grouch.
William Hutton~ The charity that hastens to proclaim its good deeds ceases to be charity and is only pride and ostentation.
Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment. - Bible
Claiborne Pell~ My opponent called me a cream puff. ... Well I rushed out and got the bakers union to endorse me.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -James A Michener
Theodore Roethke~ A mind too active is no mind at all.
Laurens Van der Post~ Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are right.
I was made to work. If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful. -Johann Sebastian Bach
Business demands faith, compels earnestness, requires courage, is honestly selfish, is penalized for mistakes, and is the essence of life.
You only have one chance to make a first impression.
Socrates~ Envy is the ulcer of the soul.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ In the woods is perpetual youth.
Thomas Jefferson~ Advertisements... contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
George Bernard Shaw~ In Heaven an angel is nobody in particular.
Derek Curtis Bok~ I think the measure of your success to a certain extent will be the amount of things written about you that arent true.
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself. -Aldous Huxley
William Shakespeare~ I am not merry but I do beguile The thing I am by seeming otherwise.
Andrew Carnegie~ All honors wounds are self-inflicted.
American Proverb~ In God we trust all others must pay cash.
Mavette Sadile~ I do not fear the inevitable death for it is certain. Instead I fear life for here anything is possible.
Aim for the highest. -Andrew Carnegie
Seneca~ It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
Abraham Lincoln~ Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
Publilius Syrus~ You should hammer your iron when it is glowing hot.
Hilaire Belloc~ The moment a man talks to his fellows he begins to lie.
Self-determination is fine but needs to be tempered with self-control. -Anonymous
Ronald Reagan~ There were so many candidates on the platform that there were not enough promises to go around.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ If you aspire to the highest place it is no disgrace to stop at the second or even the third.
Share your smile with everyone, but save your kiss for only one.
Louise Nevelson~ I never feel age...If you have creative work you dont have age or time.
Zig Ziglar~ Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.
Sympathy sees and says, "I'm sorry." Compassion sees and says, "I'll help."
Mae West~ Im very brave generally he went on in a low voice Only today I happen to have a headache.
Arthur Calwell~ It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies.
Don't give up at half time. Concentrate on winning the second half. -Paul Bear Bryant
Max Lucado~ I guess grace doesnt have to be logical. If it did it wouldnt be grace.
All men can fly, but sadly, only in one direction - down.
John Dewey~ Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.
I've learned that the Lord didn't do it all in one day - what makes me think that I can? - Andy Rooney
Extraordinary: it is the "extra" that make us more than ordinary.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ A man cant be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. -John C. Maxwell
The ultimate creative capacity of the brain may be, for all practical purposes, infinite. -George Leonard
You'll see things "you never knew you never knew.". -Disney's Pochahantas
Charles Lindbergh~ I realized that If I had to choose I would rather have birds than airplanes.
I've searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees. -G.k Chesterton
Money will buy you a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail.
William Faulkner~ Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
Publilius Syrus~ Pardon one offense and you encourage the commission of many.
Oscar Wilde~ Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
I've learned that the less time I have to work with, the more things I get done. - Andy Rooney
G. C. Lichtenberg~ Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinions at all.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights.
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
Leon Botstein~ At best most college presidents are running something that is somewhere between a faltering corporation and a hotel.
Benjamin Disraeli~ A man who loses his money gains at the least experience and sometimes something better.
Guilt is the source of sorrows, the avenging fiend that follows us behind with whips and stings. -Nicholas Rowe
Ella Wheeler Wilcox~ All love that has not friendship for its base is like a mansion built upon sand.
James Waddell Alexander II~ The true recipe for a miserable existence is to quarrel with Providence.
I believe that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another. -Thomas Jefferson
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship. -Louisa May Alcott
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do. -Johann von Goethe
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
Anne Tyler~ Ive never quite believed that one chance is all I get.
Erich Fromm~ The quest for certainty blocks the search for meaning. Uncertainty is the very condition to impel man to unfold his powers.
Hayes~ The expert at anything was once a beginner.
A cigarette is a pinch of tobacco, wrapped in paper, fire at one end, fool at the other.
Some persons don't know the difference between thinking for yourself, and thinking of yourself.
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito. -Unknown Author
Harry Emerson Fosdick~ The steady discipline of intimate friendship with Jesus results in men becoming like Him.
Dorothy Rothschild Parker~ Love is like quicksilver in the hand. Leave the fingers open and it stays. Clutch it and it darts away.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Fanatic. One who cant change his mind and wont change the subject.
Ernest Dimnet~ All serious conversations gravitate towards philosophy.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Old age is fifteen years older than I am.
Aristotle~ Hope is a waking dream.
Terence~ Fortune helps the brave.
He who excuses himself, accuses himself. -Gabriel Meurier
William Goldman~ Life isnt fair. Its just fairer than death thats all.
Voltaire~ When we hear news we should always wait for the sacrament of confirmation.
William Wordsworth~ Nature never did betray The heart that loved her.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself. - Philip Massinger
Evelyn Waugh~ Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one. -Irish Blessing
Joe Moore~ A politician is a person who thinks twice before he says nothing.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Dogmatism does not mean the absence of thought but the end of thought.
Albert Schweitzer~ The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives
Holbrook Jackson~ No man is ever old enough to know better.
J. B. Yeats~ Always when I see a man fond of praise I always think it is because he is an affectionate man craving for affection.
Euripides~ Slight not whats near while aiming at whats far.
May-lin Soong Chiang~ We become what we do.
Unknown~ The world pins no medals on you because of what you know but it may crown you with glory and riches for what you do.
Mae West~ Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
William Blake~ The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
Manly P. Hall~ Words are potent weapons for all causes good or bad.
Frank Deford~ I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in the world is fixed.
Ken Jr. Keyes~ A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The only gift is a portion of thyself.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
Henry Adams~ It is impossible to underrate human intelligence - beginning with ones own.
Flannery OConnor~ Theres many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
Anyone who can be replaced by a machine deserves to be. -Dennis Gunston
Labor disgraces no man, but occasionally men disgrace labor. -Ulysses S. Grant
A joyful heart is the inevitable result of a heart burning with love. -Mother Teresa
Yiddish Proverb~ If all pulled in one direction the world would keel over.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education.
Mark Twain~ All schools all colleges have two great functions to confer and to conceal valuable knowledge. - Notebook
Umberto Eco~ I felt like poisoning a monk.
George Sheehan~ The minds first step to self-awareness must be through the body.
Bob Dylan~ Ill let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours.
There's a book that tells you where you should go on your vacation. It's called your checkbook.
Lisa Alther~ To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage or of principle.
Who hath not known ill fortune, never knew himself, or his own virtue. -Mallett
A smart husband buys his wife very fine china so she won't trust him to wash it.
Alexander Pope~ Be not the first by whom the new are tried Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.
Pearl Bailey~ What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork.
George Gordon Byron~ I have always believed that all things depended upon Fortune and nothing upon ourselves.
Muhammad Ali~ If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread they can sure make something out of you.
To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first. -William Shakespeare
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
Rush Hour~ Carter Dont you ever touch a black mans radio boy You can do that in China but you can get your ass killed out here man.
The country is full of good coaches. What it takes to win is a bunch of interested players. -Don Coryell, ex-San Diego Chargers Coach
Pity the man who inherits a million and isn't a millionaire. Here's what would be pitiful, if your income grew and you didn't. -Jim Rohn
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart.
Seldom does an individual exceed his own expectations. -Unknown
Carl Sandburg~ Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Aristotle~ Change in all things is sweet.
Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Entertain great hopes. -Robert Frost
Benjamin Franklin~ Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Though friendship is not quick to burn, it is explosive stuff. -May Sarton
Jeanne-Marie Roland~ It is for the wise people who delight in humanity praise justice despise their flatterers and respect the truth.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Adlai Ewing Stevenson~ Flattery is all right so long as you dont inhale.
I believe in grumbling; it is the politest form of fighting known. - Edgar Watson Howe
Woody Allen~ The government is unresponsive to the needs of the little man. Under it is impossible to get your congressman on the phone.
Seneca~ All art is an imitation of nature.
Francis Bacon~ No pleasure is comparable to the standing upon the vantage ground of Truth.
May Sarton~ Though friendship is not quick to burn It is explosive stuff.
Nothing would be done at all if a man waited until he could do it so well that no one could find fault with it. -Cardinal Newman
To get what you want; stop doing what isn't working. -Dennis Weaver
Johann von Goethe~ What is not fully understood is not possessed.
After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one. -Cato the Elder
Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart~ The older I grow the less important the comma becomes. Let the reader catch his own breath.
Why doesn't the fellow who says "I'm no speech maker" let it go at that instead of giving a demonstration? (Kin Hubbard)
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Skill to do comes of doing.
Robert Brault~ Count no day lost in which you waited your turn took only your share and sought advantage over no one.
Plotinus~ Knowledge if it does not determine action is dead to us.
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body. -Joseph Addison
G. K. Chesterton~ To have a right to do a thing is not at all the same as to be right in doing it.
Robert Bakker~ I want to find a voracious small-minded predator and name it after the IRS.
Anon.~ The world is so fast that there are days when the person who says it cant be done is interrupted by the person who is doing it.
Wilson Mizner~ When you take stuff from one writer its plagiarism but when you take it from many writers its research.
T. S. Eliot~ Humankind cannot stand very much reality.
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps. -James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
Aldous Huxley~ The author of the Iliad is either Homer or if not Homer somebody else of the same name.
Junius~ How much easier it is to be generous than just Men are sometimes bountiful who are not honest.
Ambrose Bierce~ Barometer n. An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
Make your life a mission-not an intermission. -Arnold H. Glasgow
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage. -Lao Tzu
Deja moo: The feeling that you've heard this Bull before!
George Bernard Shaw~ He who can does. He who cannot teaches.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ There is nothing so disagreeable that a patient mind cannot find some solace for it.
Mother Theresa~ We are all pencils in the hand of God.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own. -Benjamin Disraeli
Plato~ You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Arab Proverb~ Never give advice in a crowd.
I've learned that there's nothing sweeter than sleeping with your babies and feeling their breath on your cheek. - Andy Rooney
The tendency to whining and complaining may be taken as the surest sign symptom of little souls and inferior intellects. - Lord Jeffrey
Henny Youngman~ I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
No sooner said than done - so acts your man of worth. -Quintus Ennius
John Ruskin~ No human being however great or powerful was ever so free as a fish.
anger is a short time time madness... - Avinashkumar Pillai
Boredom is a sign of unused potential.
James Grover Thurber~ All men should strive to learn before they die What they are running from and to and why.
Anthony Burgess~ Laugh and the world laughs with you snore and you sleep alone.
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests. -Epictetus
Trieu Thi Trinh~ My wish is to ride the tempest tame the waves kill the sharks. I will not resign myself...
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. (Holmes)
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Deane Jordan~ Although rumors persist to the contrary there were no deaths while making the movie Ben Hur.
Jean Rostand~ Certain brief sentences are peerless in their ability to give one the feeling that nothing remains to be said.
William Shakespeare~ Simply the thing I am shall make me live.
John Keats~ I love you the more that I believe you have liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
Rene Descartes~ The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability. -Robert Half
Romanian Proverb~ Eating and scratching want but a beginning.
If nothing sticks to Teflon how do they stick Teflon to the pan?
Payne Stewart~ Im going to a special place when I die but I want to make sure my life is special while Im here.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Great men are they who see that the spiritual is stronger than any material force that thoughts rule the world.
Raymond Holliwell~ Desire creates the power.
Kin Hubbard~ It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness poverty and wealth have both failed.
Henry Ward Beecher~ It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is not according to what he has.
Our patience will achieve more than our force. -Edmund Burke
Steven Wright~ I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldnt park anywhere near the place.
John Andrew Holmes~ Speech is conveniently located midway between thought and action where it often substitutes for both.
Nick Nuessle~ The legacy of Democrats and Republicans approaches Libertarianism by bankruptcy.
One of the most important things a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
Ovid~ Love and dignity cannot share the same abode.
I can give you a six-word formula for success: Think things through, then follow through. -Captain Edward V. Rickenbacker
Only those who dare to fail greatly, can ever achieve greatly. -Robert Kennedy
The mere fact that you have obstacles to overcome is in your favor... -Robert Collier
Colette~ It is wise to apply the oil of refined politeness to the mechanisms of friendship.
Unknown~ Barnum was wrong - its more like every seconds.
Hesiod~ He for himself weaves woe who weaves for others woe and evil counsel on the counselor recoils.
Nigerian Proverb~ When the mouse laughs at the cat there is a hole nearby.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies with in us.
Everything is perfect in the universe-even your desire to improve it. -Wayne Dyer
The less routine the more life. -Amos Bronson Alcott
Robert Frost~ You dont have to deserve your mothers love. You have to deserve your fathers.
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster. -Theodore Roosevelt
Charles Joseph Joe Clark~ Self-respect permeates every aspect of your life.
Bertrand Russell~ Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise.
Coming to America~ King Jaffe Joffer So you see my son there is a very fine line between love and nausea.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ Dont laugh at a youth for his affectations he is only trying on one face after another to find his own.
Anita Roddick~ If you think youre too small to have an impact try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
Better three hours too soon, than one minute too late. -William Shakespeare
Beware how you take away hope from any human being. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Make your life a mission-not an intermission. -Arnold Glasgow
Cicero~ I will go further and assert that nature without culture can often do more to deserve praise than culture without nature.
Innovation is the creation of the new or the re-arranging of the old in a new way. -Michael Vance
Roger Bannister~ The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
Mark Twain~ It is the difference of opinion that makes horse races.
Jerry Coleman~ The new Haitian baseball cant weigh more than four ounces or less than five.
Judy Garland~ Always be a first-rate version of yourself instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
Leadership is the wise use of power. Power is the capacity to translate intention into reality and sustain it. -Warren Bennis
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power and influence. -Henry Chester
One learns people through the heart, not the eyes or the intellect. -Mark Twain
Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water. Be still and allow the mud to settle. -Lao Tzu
Alexander Popov~ I dont dream about actors and actresses They dream about me. I am reality they are not.
Aesop~ It is easy to despise what you cannot get.
Edmund Burke~ All that is necessary for the forces of evil to win in the world is for enough good men to do nothing.
Ludwig Feuerbach~ Man is what he eats.
David Letterman~ Everyone has a purpose in life. Perhaps yours is watching television.
Philip~ Selecting the right person for the right job is the largest part of coaching.
Walter Landor~ My thoughts are my company I can bring them together select them detain them dismiss them.
Francis Bacon~ He of whom many are afraid ought to fear many.
I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm. -Theodore Roosevelt
H.L. Mencken~ JUDGE n A law student who marks his own papers.
Dan Issel~ It may be five years from now but at some point well be better than them.
A hard thing about business is minding your own.
You live with your thoughts - so be careful what they are. - Eva Arrington
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Stephen Leacock
Robert Francis Kennedy~ Whenever men take the law into their own hands the loser is the law. And when the law loses freedom languishes.
Paul Sadler~ The goal of every married couple indeed every Christian home should be to make Christ the Head the Counselor and the Guide.
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ Some persons are likeable in spite of their unswerving integrity.
Benjamin Disraeli~ It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
There is no future in spending the present worrying about the past.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Ruth Nanda Anshen~ Even as the cell is the unit of the organic body so the family is the unit of society.
The weakest Christians are those who know that they need to pray . . . and yet don't pray. (Daniel O.C.)
Albert Einstein~ You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.
Batman~ The Joker What kind of a world is this where a man dressed as a bat gets ALL MY PRESS This town needs an enema
Heraclitus~ Much learning does not teach understanding.
Ludwig van Beethoven~ Recommend virtue to your children it alone not money can make them happy. I speak from experience.
Jean Kerr~ I feel about airplaines the way I feel about diets. It seems to me they are wonderful things for other people to go on.
Bertrand Russell~ The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Silence is frequently misinterpreted, but it is never miss quoted.
Gerald Nachman~ Nothing fails like success.
The attitude within is more important than the circumstances without.
Prince Charles~ Be neither too remote nor too familiar.
Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you're saying. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Grace is the divine ability to cope with every circumstance.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Character is what can do without success.
Democracy without morality is impossible. -Jack Kemp
Epictetus~ Man is troubled not by events but by the meaning he gives them.
Never argue with a stupid person. First they'll drag you down to their level, then they will beat you with experience.
Vernon Howard~ Your central self is totally untouched By grief confusion desperation.
Unknown~ Blessed are they who can laugh at themselves for they shall never cease to be amused.
What does not destroy me, makes me strong. [Or, What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.]. -Friedrich Neitzche
Wherever the fates lead us let us follow. -Virgil
Benjamin Franklin~ If you wouldst live long live well for folly and wickedness shorten life.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Maxim Gorky~ You must write for children in the same way as you do for adults only better.
Michel Leiris~ Where all is but dream reasoning and arguments are of no use truth and knowledge nothing.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Great ideas originate in the muscles.
Augustus Hare~ The greatest truths are the simplest.
Turkish Proverb~ No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road turn back.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ I dislike arguments of any kind. They are always vulgar and often convincing.
The center of human nature is rooted in ten thousand ordinary acts of kindness that define our days. -Stephen Jay Gould
A girl phoned me and said...Come on over there's nobody home. I went over... Nobody was home!
Upton Sinclair~ I aimed at the publics heart and by accident I hit it in the stomach.
William Hazlitt~ Without the aid of prejudice and custom I should not be able to find my way across the room.
You cannot be a leader, and ask other people to follow you, unless you know how to follow, too. -Sam Rayburn
You better think about the future, for it's where you will spend the rest of your life.
Sren Kierkegaard~ Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor.
Bill Bryson~ He had the sort of face that makes you realize God does have a sense of humor.
It is not a war on drugs; it's a war on people.
Greek Proverb~ Gray hair is a sign of age not wisdom.
If the road you travel, has no obstacles, It leads nowhere.
Edward Fitzgerald~ Leave well - even pretty well - alone that is what I learn as I get old.
How could I have been anyone other than me? - Dave Matthews
Love is an ideal thing, marriage is a real thing. A confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Elbert Hubbard~ A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
David Joseph Schwartz~ How we think shows through in how we act. Attitudes are mirrors of the mind. They reflect thinking.
David Joseph Schwartz~ The success combination in business is Do what you do better...and Do more of what you do...
Rachel Carson~ Beginnings are apt to be shadowy and so it is the beginnings of the great mother life the sea.
Edward Young~ Some for renown on scraps of learning dote And think they grow immortal as they quote.
You pay God a compliment by asking great things of Him. (Teresa of Avila)
William Ellery Channing~ Every mind was made for growth for knowledge and its nature is sinned against when it is doomed to ignorance.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. -Vidal Sassoon
Margaret Fuller~ If you have knowledge let others light their candles at it.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. ... A tax is a fine for doing well.
Unknown~ In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would have taken many men many months to equal it.
Mignon McLaughlin~ We all become great explorers during our first few days in a new city or a new love affair.
Leonidas of Tarentum~ An exiles life is no life.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher; and philosophy begins in wonder. -Plato
George Santayana~ The loneliest woman in the world is a woman without a close woman friend.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
Show me a man with both feet on the ground, and I'll show you a man who can't put on his pants.
Henry Miller~ Our own physical body possesses a wisdom which we who inhabit the body lack.
Calvin Coolidge~ The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten.
Never tell me the odds. -Hans Solo
Carl Friedrich Gauss~ Mathematics is the queen of the sciences.
Tupac Shakur~ Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
Although Golf was originally restricted to wealthy Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing. -Dave Barry
Unknown~ Many a man thinks he has an open mind when its merely vacant.
Lloyd Alexander~ Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Mary Wollstonecraft~ Of women I do not wish them to have power over men but over themselves.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Sun Tzu
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. (Albert Einstein)
Lyndon B. Johnson~ They call upon us to supply American boys to do the job that Asian boys should do.
Unknown~ Whoever does not love his work cannot hope that it will please others.
Believe your beliefs and doubt your doubts. (F.F. Bosworth)
Virginia~ Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
Creative minds have always been known to survive any kind of bad training. -Anna Freud
It's not my job to motivate players. They bring extraordinary motivation to our program. It's my job not to de-motivate them. -Lou Holtz
Better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall. - G. K. Chesterton
J. Krishnamurti~ It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ It well becomes a young man to be modest.
Albert Smith~ Tears are the safety valve of the heart when too much pressure is laid on it.
Immanuel Kant~ So act that your principle of action might safely be made a law for the whole world.
To win without risk is to triumph without glory. -Pierre Corneille
Richard Jefferies~ It is eternity now. I am in the midst of it. It is about me and the sunshine.
Lord Macaulay~ The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it.
Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors.
George Carlin~ I think its the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately.
Eugene Benge~ Getters dont get - givers get.
Irving~ Life is what you make it and how you take it.
Thomas Paine~ When we are planning for posterity we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity. -Charles G. Dawes
Energy and persistence alter all things. -Benjamin Franklin
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ He who lives without folly isnt so wise as he thinks.
Sir George Savile~ The vanity of teaching doth oft tempt a man to forget that he is a blockhead.
The Talmud~ Every blade of grass has its Angel that bends over it and whispers Grow Grow
There is nothing so fatal to character as half finished tasks. -David Lloyd George
Ambrose Bierce~ Acquaintance n. A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well enough to lend to.
Marquis de Sade~ The idea of God is the sole wrong for which I cannot forgive mankind.
George Santayana~ Nothing can so pierce the soul as the uttermost sigh of the body.
Greek Proverb~ No need to teach an eagle to fly.
Josh Billings~ It aint what folks know thats the problem its what they know that aint so.
Elinor Guggenheimer~ I see something that has to be done and I organize it.
The best of battles are won on our knees...
Some people are alive only because it is illegal to kill them.
Francis Cardinal Spellman~ Pray as if everything depended upon God and work as if everything depended upon man.
To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth. -Richard Baker
George Levinger~ What counts in making a happy marriage is not so much how compatible you are but how you deal with incompatibility.
Hector Berlioz~ Time is a great teacher but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Jeremy S. Anderson~ There are two major products that come out of Berkeley LSD and UNIX. We dont believe this to be a coincidence.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
Blessing Irish~ Anything that keeps a politician humble is healthy for democracy.
David Borenstein~ One cannot subdue a man by holding back his hands. Lasting peace comes not from force.
Sophocles~ The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
Rudyard Kipling~ All the people like us are we And everyone else is They.
Lenny Bruce~ There are never enough I love yous.
Albert Einstein~ Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
To be born free is an accident; To live free a responsibility; To die free is an obligation. -Hubbard Davis
Jewish Proverb~ Worries go down better with soup than without.
Oprah Winfrey~ Follow your instincts. Thats where true wisdom manifests itself.
Will Durst~ I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is.
Charles Dickens~ Once upon a time - of all the good days in the year on Christmas Eve - old Scrooge sat busy in his counting-house.
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around in awareness. -James Thurber. - James Thurber
Robert Hutchins~ There is only one justification for universities as distinguished from trade schools. They must be centers of criticism.
R. J. Baughan~ Nature does not give to those who will not spend.
Charles De Gaulle~ The national task that had been incumbent upon me for years is hereby confirmed.
Unknown~ May you be in heaven a half-hour before the devil knows your dead.
Max Eastman~ The defining function of the artist is to cherish consciousness.
When there is a start to be made, don't step over! Start where you are. -Edgar Cayce
Mandell Creighton~ No people do so much harm as those who go about doing good.
James Thurber~ The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
Jeremy Thorpe~ Greater love hath no man than this that he lay down his friends for his life.
Oscar Levant~ I envy people who drink. At least they have something to blame everything on.
John Ciardi~ The Constitution gives every American the inalienable right to make a damn fool of himself.
Archie Griffin~ Its not the size of the dog in the fight but the size of the fight in the dog.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change -Confucius
Office Space~ Peter Good luck with your layoffs alright I hope your firings go really really well.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Callous adj. Gifted with great fortitude to bear the evils afflicting another.
Ivan Sergeevich Turgenev~ However much you knock at natures door she will never answer you in comprehensible words.
William Shakespeare~ A little more than kin and less than kind.
Jim Dietz~ Rowing is a sport for dreamers. As long as you put in the work you can own the dream. When the work stops the dream dissapears.
Dorothy Parker~ I dont care what is written about me so long as it isnt true.
Claude M. Bristol~ Undoubtedly we become what we envisage.
Those who drink to drown their sorrows should be taught that sorrows know how to swim.
Franklin P. Jones~ You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have for instance.
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas A. Edison
Edmund Burke~ All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
Johathan Edwards~ Nature is Gods greatest evangelist.
Oscar Wilde~ The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
Marilyn Monroe~ Hollywood is a place where theyll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul.
James Barrie~ Let no one who loves be called unhappy. Even love unreturned has its rainbow.
Johann von Goethe~ Plunge boldly into the thick of life
Kahlil Gibran~ Rebellion without truth is like spring in a bleak arid desert.
Thomas Huxley~ Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors.
Clifton Fadiman~ Cheese - milks leap toward immortality.
Tiberius~ In a free state there should be freedom of speech and thought.
Horace~ Faults are soon copied.
Lucius Accius~ A man whose life has been dishonourable is not entitled to escape disgrace in death.
Clement Atlee~ Democracy means government by discussion but it is only effective if you can stop people talking.
Nelson Mandela~ Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Ten thousand fools proclaim themselves into obscurity while one wise man forgets himself into immortality.
Luther Standing Bear~ Civilization has been thrust upon me... and it has not added one whit to my love for truth honesty and generosity.
Where are the PM radio stations?
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Of two evils choose neither.
Nothing can occur beyond the strength of faith to sustain, or, transcending the resources of religion, to relieve. - Binney
Heinrich Heine~ Wherever they burn books they will also in the end burn people.
Carl Sagan~ Somewhere something incredible is waiting to be known.
George Baker~ The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
Carl W. Buechner~ They may forget what you said but they will never forget how you made them feel.
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it. -Dale Carnegie
Alphonse Marie Louis de Lamartine~ To love for the sake of being loved is human But to love for the sake of loving is angelic.
Octavio Paz~ Solitude is the profoundest fact of the human condition. Man is the only being who knows he is alone.
What we see is mainly what we look for.
Leo Tolstoy~ Everything that I understand I understand only because I love.
P. J. ORourke~ Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
Paul Brown~ When you win say nothing. When you lose say less.
The only way around is through. -Robert Frost
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it. (Seneca)
Chris Marie Evert~ Youve got to take the initiative and play your game. In a decisive set confidence is the difference.
Unknown~ True friendship comes when silence between two people is comfortable.
If you have the desire, you are halfway there. (E. Crique)
The new source of power is not money in the hands of a few, but information in the hands of many. -John Naisbitt
Thomas John Watson Sr.~ If you want to increase your success rate double your failure rate.
Voltaire~ Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance as if no one is watching. (Satchel Paige)
To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it. -Mother Teresa
Charles Caleb Colton~ Friendship of itself a holy tie Is made more sacred by adversity.
Hofni Samuel~ When in doubt do without.
Lost time is never found again. -Proverb
Maxim Gorky~ In the carriages of the past you cant go anywhere.
Charles E. Wilson~ What is good for the country is good for General Motors and vice versa.
The first task of a leader is to keep hope alive. -Joe Batten
Mark Twain~ When we remember we are all mad the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
Wisdom begins in wonder. - Socrates
Berthold Auerbach~ Only he is free who cultivates his own thoughts and strives without fear to do justice to them.
You have to sow before you can reap. You have to give before you can get. -Robert Collier
Eric Pio~ A family although not a necessity is the ultimate luxury.
Today is yesterday's pupil. - Thomas Fuller
Draw your pleasure, paint your pleasure, and express your pleasure strongly. - Pierre Bonnard
The man who graduates today and stops learning tomorrow is uneducated the day after. - Newton D. Baker
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
It's not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It's the customer who pays the wages. -Henry Ford
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I... I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost
Herbert Samuel~ It is easy to be tolerant of the principles of other people if you have none of your own.
Friends are treasures. -Horace Burns
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it. -Bunker Hunt
Albert Camus~ Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
Every word that you express will return to you. -Christian Larson
Horace~ Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.
Assyrian Proverb~ If you are a host to your guest be a host to his dog also.
William Shakespeare~ The lady doth protest too much methinks.
Marguerite de Valois~ A woman of honor should not expect of others things she would not do herself.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided. -Anthony Robbins
Life is really a bed of roses, others are just lucky to have friends to help them pick the thorns off.
It is in human nature to relax, when not compelled by personal advantage or disadvantage. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Your child has started growing up when he stops asking you where he came from and starts refusing to tell you where he's going.
Elbert Hubbard~ An ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.
Lewis Carroll~ What is the use of a book thought Alice without pictures or conversations
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -Helen Keller
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. -Anonymous
Eric Bently~ Fashion which elevates the bad to the level of the good subsqequently turns its back on bad and good alike.
All personal breakthroughs begin with a change in beliefs. -Anthony Robbins
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. -Elmer Letterman
Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralising. (Harriet Braiker)
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. -Japanese proverb
Tom Nolan~ In the absences of a decent time machine fiction remains the most sturdy vehicle for visiting other eras.
John Boyle OReilly~ In bed my real love has always been the sleep that rescued me by allowing me to dream.
Elizabeth Ashley~ In a great romance each person plays a part the other really likes.
Garrison Keillor~ Its a shallow life that doesnt give a person a few scars.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. -Kahlil Gibran
Menander~ The man who runs may fight again.
Max Born~ We need to make a world in which fewer children are born and in which we take better care of them.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ A good novel tells you the truth about its hero but a bad novel tells you the truth about its author.
La Bruyere~ No man is so perfect so necessary to his friends as to give them no cause to miss him less.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -Henry Ford
When you can't have what you want, it's time to start wanting what you have. -Kathleen A. Sutton
Elisha Potter~ Human nature constitutes a part of the evidence in every case.
It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. -Somerset Maugham
Paul Sherer~ They crucified Jesus not because they disliked what he said but because they couldnt take it
Failure is the path of least persistence. -Unknown Author
Unknown~ The door to opportunity is always labeled push.
Wayne Gretzky~ You miss of the shots you never take.
Earvin Johnson~ I like bubbles and the whole thing. Thats the fun of taking a bath. (on his new Magics Elixir Bubble Bath)
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Our children change uswhether they live or not.
Jan Glidewell~ You can clutch the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present.
The definition of luck is when opportunity meets preparation.
Samuel Johnson~ A cucumber should be well-sliced dressed with pepper and vinegar and then thrown out.
All good is hard. All evil is easy. Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy. Stay away from easy. -Scott Alexander
Never wrestle with a strong man nor bring a rich man to court. - Latvian Proverb
Virgil~ Love conquers all things let us too surrender to Love.
Cullen Hightower~ Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone elses can shorten it.
Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will use it.
Have less. Do less. Be more. (Aboodi Shaby)
French Proverb~ One meets his destiny often in the road he takes to avoid it.
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ Living hell is the best revenge.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. -Oscar Wilde
Rebecca Johnson~ Money is the opposite of the weather. Nobody talks about it but everybody does something about it.
Homer~ I too shall lie in the dust when I am dead but now let me win noble renown.
Tom Lehrer~ On my income tax it says Check this box if you are blind. I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away.
Good luck needs no explanation. -Shirley Temple Black
Charles Churchill~ The best things carried to excess are wrong.
Edith Wharton~ If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.
Child Age ~ Home is where the house is.
John F. Kennedy~ We stand for freedom. That is our conviction for ourselves that is our only commitment to others.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold it would be a merrier world.
Michel de Montaigne~ Fashion is the science of appearances and it inspires one with the desire to seem rather than to be.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ The man who insists on seeing with perfect clearness before he decides never decides.
This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape. (Michael McGriff, M.D.)
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside. -Denis Waitley
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. -Emily Dickinson
Sarah N. Cleghorn~ The unfit die - the fit both live and thrive. Alas who say so They who do survive.
A. G. Buckham~ Monotony is the awful reward of the careful.
Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds. - Leonardo De Vinci
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ In doing something do it with love or never do it at all.
Justice is truth in action. -Benjamin Disraeli
Amy Lowell~ Art is the desire of a man to express himself to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in.
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. -Sarah Brown
Franklin P. Jones~ The trouble with being punctual is that nobodys there to appreciate it.
Everything is in motion. Everything flows. Everything is vibrating. -Wayne Dyer
Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer. -Winston Churchill
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace prize.
Elizabeth Kenny~ He who angers you conquers you.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar because then yahoo Id have all my money back.
There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success. -Malcolm Forbes
Upon our children - how they are taught - rests the fate - or fortune - of tomorrow's world. -B. C. Forbes
Oscar Wilde~ Men always want to be a womans first love - women like to be a mans last romance.
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret. -Marlene Dietrich
Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf~ You cant help someone get up a hill without getting closer to the top yourself.
Paul Valery~ Two dangers constantly threaten the world order and disorder.
Pope John XXIII~ Men are like wine some turn to vinegar but the best improve with age.
Anon.~ Dont steal. The government hates competition.
Baruch Spinoza~ If men were born free they would so long as they remained free form no conception of good and evil.
Louis LAmour~ A mind like a home is furnished by its owner so if ones life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself.
Mark Twain~ It could probably be shown by facts and figures that there is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress.
James Agee~ A mother never realizes that her children are no longer children.
Voltaire~ Indeed history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
Cicero~ Strain every nerve to gain your point.
If someone is standing between you and God, guess who's closer to God.
Sir Henry Taylor~ The art of living easily as to money is to pitch your scale of living one degree below your means.
Nikita Khrushchev~ Call it what you will incentives are what get people to work harder.
Everyone needs to be loved especially when they do not deserve it.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
Anonymous~ No man deserves punishment for his thoughts.
Absence of occupation is not rest; a mind quite vacant is a mind distressed. -William Cowper
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible to others. -Jonathon Swift
Anger is seldom without an argument but seldom with a good one. - George Savile, Lord Halifax
Thomas Jefferson~ No more good must be attempted than the people can bear.
Will Rogers~ Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with.
Ronald Reagan~ The nine most terrifying words in the English language are Im from the government and Im here to help.
All who wander are not lost. -J. R. R. Tolkien
Saint Augustine~ Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Unknown~ Life is too short to be sensible.
William Arthur Ward~ To make mistakes is human to stumble is commonplace to be able to laugh at yourself is maturity.
Some people would rather get even instead of get ahead. -Les Brown
Phoebe Cary~ And though hard be the task Keep a stiff upper lip.
Gertrude Stein~ There aint no answer. There aint going to be any answer. There never has been an answer. Thats the answer.
In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves. -Bernard Baruch
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. (John Wooden)
Johann von Goethe~ Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action.
Groucho Marx~ From the moment I picked up your book until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Herbert Hoover~ America - a great social and economic experiment noble in motive and far-reaching in purpose.
Jean de la Bruyere~ This great misfortune - to be incapable of solitude.
Bette Davis~ This became a credo of mine...attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
Walter Lippmann~ When all men think alike no one thinks very much.
Jim Beggs~ To find fulfillment...dont exist with life - embrace it.
Self-respect is the fruit of discipline: the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself. -Abraham Heschel
Vicki Baum~ There is a need for heroism in American life today.
Swami Sivanada~ When an idea exclusively occupies the mind it is transformed into an actual physical or mental state.
Whatever you do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius and power and magic in it. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It is not enough to be compassionate. You must act also. -Tao Saying
Jean Paul Richter~ Never part without loving words to think of during your absence. It may be that you will not meet again in life.
I am doing a great work and I cannot come down. Why should the work stop while I leave it and come down to you?. -Bible
Sebastian Brant~ The world wants to be deceived.
Oscar Arias Sanchez~ The more freedom we enjoy the greater the responsibility we bear toward others as well as ourselves.
Henri de Lubac~ Habit and routine have an unbelievable power to waste and destroy.
Hector Hugh Munro~ He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death.
When fight begins within himself, a man's worth something. - Sir Frederick Browning
Laura Swenson~ Men are like a deck of cards. Youll find the occasional king but most are jacks.
Walt Whitman~ I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
Annie Dillard~ There is no shortage of good days. It is good lives that are hard to come by.
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free.
Spider-Man~ Uncle Ben With great power comes great responsibility.
Gaius Julius Caesar~ Men willingly believe what they wish.
I recommend that the Statue of Liberty be supplemented by a Statue of Responsibility on the west coast. -Victor Frankl
Publilius Syrus~ The happy man is not he who seems thus to others but who seems thus to himself.
Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake. -Matthew Prior
Kahlil Gibran~ Faith is a knowledge within the heart beyond the reach of proof.
Wisdom whispers - foolishness shouts.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ Before we set our hearts too much upon anything let us examine how happy those are who already possess it.
Woodrow Wilson~ Wisdom doesnt necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up by itself.
Tom Stoppard~ The truth is always a compound of two half- truths and you never reach it because there is always something more to say.
D. A. Battista~ Nothing is so firmly believed as what is least known.
William Pitt~ Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants it is the creed of slaves.
Gloria Borger~ For most folks no news is good news for the press good news is not news.
The bravest are the tenderest. The loving are the daring. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Mark Twain~ Nothing so needs reforming as other peoples habits.
Oceans Eleven~ Reuben Look we all go way back and uh I owe you from the thing with the guy in the place and Ill never forget it.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. -The Dalai Lama
The best way to make happy money is to make money your hobby and not your god. -Scott Alexander
Dan Quayle~ I stand by all the misstatements that Ive made.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Every reform however necessary will by weak minds be carried to an excess that itself will need reforming.
Here's to you and here's to me and may we never disagree, but if we do I'll still love you.
Mark Twain~ Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority it is time to reform.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
Marquis de Lafayette~ Humanity has won its battle. Liberty now has a country.
Andre Malraux~ The most important thing in life is to see to it that you are never beaten.
A clean tie attracts the soup of the day.
Buddha~ Neither fire nor wind birth nor death can erase our good deeds.
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. -Helen Keller
I would rather fail in a cause that will ultimately triumph than to triumph in a cause that ultimately fails. -Woodrow Wilson
Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant. -Seneca
There are no ordinary moments. -Dan Millman
Bible~ The source of the famous Golden Rule. Many famous lines were variations on this theme.
We're all pilgrims on the same journey-but some pilgrims have better road maps. -Nelson Demille
If you're sincere, praise is effective. If you're insincere, it's manipulative. -Zig Ziglar
There are 206 in the human body. No need for dismay, however: two bones of the middle ear have never been broken in a skiing accident.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. -Les Brown
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel~ We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
Francis Beaumont~ Let us have a care not to disclose our hearts to those who shut up theirs against us.
Margaret Deland~ One must desire something to be alive.
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it. -William James
Bethania McKenstry~ Im not sure I want popular opinion on my side - Ive noticed those with the most opinions often have the fewest facts.
David Starr Jordan~ Wisdom is know what to do next virtue is doing it.
Ambrose Bierce~ Politics n. Strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
Ariel Sharon~ In Lebanon there was an agreement not to liquidate Yasser Arafat. Im sorry that we didnt liquidate him.
Greek Proverb~ To love is nothing. To be loved is something. To love and be loved is everything.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Aeschylus~ Bronze is the mirror of the form wine of the heart.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Civilization is the process of reducing the infinite to the finite.
Charles De Gaulle~ I have heard your views. They do not harmonize with mine. The decision is taken unanimously.
Plato~ No evil can happen to a good man either in life or after death.
John Wayne~ Talk low talk slow and dont talk too much.
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words. -Unknown
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge. -John J. Watson
Jawaharlal Nehru~ The only alternative to coexistence is codestruction.
Newt Gingrich~ It may just be because I get homesick but I have concluded Washingtons cherry blossoms are just plain overrated.
Character is like a tree and reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. -Abraham Lincoln
Robert Browning~ Grow old along with me the best is yet to be.
Heraclitus~ Nature is wont to hide herself.
Dr. Rob Gilbert~ First we form habits then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
Oscar Wilde~ Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
Mignon McLaughlin~ Immature love says I love you because I need you. Mature love says I need you because I love you.
Oscar Wilde~ Seriousness is the only refuge of the shallow.
John Ruskin~ Of all the pulpits from which human voice is ever sent forth there is none from which it reaches so far as from the grave.
Sir Winston Churchill~ It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried.
You can't get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
Margaret Atwood~ We still think of a powerful man as a born leader and a powerful woman as an anomaly.
Steven Wright~ My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted.
INSERT INTO `fam_quotes` VALUES insert into quotedb values
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. -Richard Bach
The same hammer that shatters the glass forges the steel. -Russian Proverb
Oscar Wilde~ To disagree with three-fourths of the British public is one of the first requisites of sanity.
Jim Ryun~ Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
For an impenetrable shield, stand inside yourself. - Unknown
Knowledge of the world in only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet. - Lord Chesterfield
Robert Fripp~ Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.
Stephen Covey~ The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.
When patterns are broken, new worlds emerge. -Tuli Kupferberg
Henry David Thoreau~ It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know.
The only difference between fear and adventure is how much you breathe. (Rob Kalnitsky)
Lenin~ Fascism is capitalism in decay.
Confrontation doesn't always bring a solution to the problem, but until you confront the problem, there will be no solution. (James Baldwin)
Pierre Corneille~ When there is no peril in the fight there is no glory in the triumph.
Success is a ladder that can not be climbed with your hands in your pockets.
Christopher Morley~ Cherish all your happy moments they make a fine cushion for old age.
To really know someone is to have loved and hated him in turn. - Marcel Jouhandeau
John Maynard Keynes~ In the long run we are all dead.
Sidney Goff~ A good time to keep your mouth shut is when youre in deep water.
Norman Fischer~ We all need to have a creative outlet - a window a space - so we dont lose track of ourselves.
James Allen~ We do not attract what we want But what we are.
Elbert Hubbard~ To avoid criticism do nothing say nothing and be nothing.
Teams do not go physically flat, they go mentally stale. -Vincent Lombardi
Miguel de Cervantes~ Make it thy business to know thyself which is the most difficult lesson in the world.
Dan Quayle~ A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
Mark Twain~ My mother had a great deal of trouble with me but I think she enjoyed it.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. -Albert Einstein
Chilo~ Prefer loss to the wealth of dishonest gain the former vexes you for a time the latter will bring you lasting remorse.
Cyril Connolly~ Literature is the art of writing something that will be read twice journalism what will be grasped at once.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
Cicero~ Nature herself makes the wise man rich.
Kenneth Hildebrand~ Freedom is the opportunity to make decisions...
My aim is that when my hands will work no longer, that the works of my hands will still continue to keep on working.
People never improve unless they look to some standard or example higher or better than themselves. -Tryon Edwards
Seneca~ He who spares the wicked injures the good.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. -Dale Carnegie
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish. (Michelangelo)
Seize the day, put no trust in tomorrow. -Horace
Henry Adams~ Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
Albert Schweitzer~ Life becomes harder for us when we live for others but it also becomes richer and happier.
Peter Drucker~ There is an enormous number of managers who have retired on the job.
Jerry Coleman~ The way hes swinging the bat he wont get a hit until the th century.
John Dryden~ How can finite grasp infinity
Clive Staples Lewis~ We may not be able to get certainty but we can get probability and half a loaf is better than no bread.
Arthur McNallan~ Cliques are groups groups are great great are cliques of people.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart. -Blaise Pascal
Hesiod~ It is best to do things systematically since we are only human and disorder is our worst enemy.
The love in your heart wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love till you give it away.
Colin Powell~ Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Mary Manin Boggs~ My ideas are a curse. They spring from a radical discontent With the awful order of things.
Henry Louis Mencken~ For men become civilized not in proportion to their willingness to believe but in their readiness to doubt.
Jawaharlal Nehru~ There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness. -Henry David Thoreau
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
A. E. Houseman~ The mortal sickness of a mind too unhappy to be kind.
Joseph Conrad~ It is to be remarked that a good many people are born curiously unfitted for the fate waiting them on this earth.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox~ There is no chance no destiny no fate that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something. - Thomas A. Edison
Shirley MacLaine~ The person who knows how to laugh at himself will never cease to be amused.
Dr. Karl Menninger~ Neurotic means he is not as sensible as I am and psychotic means hes even worse than my brother-in-law.
Kin Hubbard~ Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom. -Albert Einstein
Blaise Pascal~ Nature has perfection in order to show that she is the image of God and defects to show that she is only his image.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ If your morals make you dreary depend on it they are wrong.
You create your opportunities by asking for them. - Patty Hansen
Character builds slowly, but it can be torn down with incredible swiftness. -Faith Baldwin
Bertolt Brecht~ Because things are the way they are things will not stay the way they are.
David Letterman~ Sometimes when you look in his eyes you get the feeling that someone else is driving.
I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself the master of that line. -Andrew Carnegie
Business tomorrow. - Archias of Thebes
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I brought myself down. I impeached myself by resigning.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ The morning pouring everywhere its golden glory on the air.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
Henry David Thoreau~ How often we find ourselves turning our backs on our actual friends that we may go and meet their ideal cousins.
John Locke~ I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
To foretell the destiny of a nation, one has to open the book of her past. (Dr. Jose P. Rizal)
Japanese Proverb~ The reputation of a thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour.
Len Wein~ A true friend is someone who is there for you when hed rather be anywhere else.
Greek Proverb~ The net of the sleeper catches fish.
A man is happy so long as he choose to be happy. -Alexander Solzhenitsyn
Havelock Ellis~ What we call Progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
Benjamin Franklin~ Employ thy time well if thou meanest to get leisure.
Why do they sterilise needles for lethal injections?
Norman Douglas~ If you want to see what children can do you must stop giving them things.
The country is full of good coaches. What it takes to win is a bunch of interested players. -Don Coryell
Bertrand Russell~ If fifty million people say a foolish thing it is still a foolish thing.
Benjamin Disraeli~ The more extensive a mans knowledge of what has been done the greater will be his power of knowing what to do.
Mae West~ Between two evils I always pick the one I never tried before.
You can never get enough of what you don't want. -Wayne Dyer
The best time to plant an oak tree is 20 years ago, the next best time is right now!
Leonard Nimoy~ Greetings I am pleased to see that we are different. May we together become greater than the sum of both of us.
Michael Brown~ The Human Spirit can never be paralyzed. If you are breathing you can dream.
There is a time for all things - except marriage my dear. - Thomas Chatterton
Mark Twain~ Man is the Only Animal that Blushes. Or needs to.
Harry S Truman~ Its not the hand that signs the laws that holds the destiny of America. Its the hand that casts the ballot.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards. -Benjamin Franklin
Benjamin Disraeli~ As a general rule the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information.
The reward of suffering is experience. - Aeschylus
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.
Learning history is easy. Learning its lessons is almost impossible.
Vince Lombardi~ Individual commitment to a group effort that is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar. -Helen Keller
Buck Henry~ We need a president whos fluent in at least one language.
He who cannot forgive breaks the bridge over which he himself must pass. (George Herbert)
Zeal is a volcano, the peak of which the grass of indecisiveness does not grow. -Kahlil Gibran
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of. -Unknown Author
Ethel Barrymore~ You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself.
Sir Philip Sidney~ No sword bites so fiercly as an evil tongue.
Mark Twain~ There are lies damned lies and statistics.
Character is more important than intelligence for success. - Gilberte Beaux
Bill Vaughan~ Maybe the answer to Selective Service is to start everyone off in the army and draft them for civilian life as needed.
Erma Bombeck~ In two decades Ive lost a total of pounds. I should be hanging from a charm bracelet.
Rudyard Kipling~ I always prefer to believe the best of everybody - it saves so much trouble.
Jack William Nicklaus~ Learn the fundamentals of the game and stick to them. Band-Aid remedies never last.
Erica Jong~ A book burrows into your life in a very profound way because the experience of reading is not passive.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ He then learns that in going down into the secrets of his own mind he has descended into the secrets of all minds.
H. H. Williams~ Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Aristotle~ A friend is a second self.
Edward Albee~ I have a fine sense of the ridiculous but no sense of humor.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ All life is an experiment. The more experiments yoiu make the better.
Tom Stoppard~ It is better to be quotable than to be honest.
Titus Livius~ Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Samuel Johnson~ No mind is much employed upon the present recollection and anticipation fill up almost all our moments.
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Life is 10% of what happens to you and 90% of how you respond to it.
Lenore Hershey~ Do give books - religious or otherwise - for Christmas. Theyre never fattening seldom sinful and permanently personal.
John William Fletcher~ Deeds not words shall speak to me.
Simone de Beauvoir~ In the face of an obstacle which is impossible to overcome stubbornness is stupid.
Manfred Eigen~ A theory has only the alternative of being wrong. A model has a third possibility - it might be right but irrelevant.
Inspiration usually comes during work, rather than before it. -Madeleine L'Engle
It is hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head. -Sally Kempton
In some attempts, it is glorious even to fail. -Longinus
Jackie Mason~ Its no longer a question of staying healthy. Its a question of finding a sickness you like.
Voltaire~ The man who leaves money to charity in his will is only giving away what no longer belongs to him.
Christopher Morley~ Life is a foreign language all men mispronounce it.
Aristotle~ There was never a genius without a tincture of madness.
A luxury once enjoyed becomes a necessity.
Politics: Poly (many) + ticks (bloodsucking parasites)
Cherokee Proverb~ When you were born you cried and the world rejoiced Live your life so that when you die the world cries and you rejoice.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ It is well to be born either a king or a fool.
Changing one thing for the better is worth more than proving a thousand things are wrong.
Anatole France~ A person is never happy except at the price of some ignorance.
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone; Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done. -Charles Wesley
Martin Luther King Jr.~ There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
Herschel Walker~ If you train hard youll not only be hard youll be hard to beat.
Japanese Proverb~ Vision without action is a daydream. Action with without vision is a nightmare.
Publilius Syrus~ A good reputation is more valuable than money.
Pride is something we have. Vanity is something others have.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost. -G. K. Chesterton
H. G. Wells~ The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow.
Walter Gagehot~ A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
John Perry Barlow~ In Cyberspace the First Amendment is a local ordinance.
Jewish Folk Saying~ One should not stand at the foot of a sick persons bed because that place is reserved for the guardian angel.
Cicero~ A life of peace purity and refinement leads to a calm and untroubled old age.
Joseph Chamberlain~ Learn and think imperially.
Oscar Wilde~ There are many things that we would throw away if we were not afraid that others might pick them up.
Experience is a dim lamp, which only lights the one who bears it. - Louis-ferdinand Celine
LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again. -Andre Gide
Latin Proverb~ Deliberate often - decide once.
Elbert Hubbard~ The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start my friend, anyone can start from now and make a brand new end. -Carl Bard
Only a life lived for others is worth living. -Albert Einstein
Unknown~ Pigs get fat hogs get slaughtered.
Samuel Johnson~ Self confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
Anatole France~ When a thing has been said and well have no scruple. Take it and copy it.
A person's worth in this world is estimated according to the value they put on themselves. -Jean De La Bruyere
Ability is what you're capable of doing... Motivation determines what you do... Attitude determines how well you do it.
The more things change, the more they remain the same. -Alphonse Karr
Robert Francis Kennedy~ In crises the most daring course is often safest.
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Quality rather than quantity determines your success.
Much better to do one's own work even if you have to do it imperfectly than it is to do somebody elses work perfectly. -Bhagavad-gita
David Hume~ Beauty in things exist in the mind which contemplates them.
Timothy Leary~ Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Unknown~ Great minds discuss ideas Average minds discuss events Small minds discuss people.
Andre Malraux~ A man is the sum of his actions of what he has done of what he can do nothing else.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Lets be honest Isnt a lot of what we call tap dancing really just nerves
Good behavior is the last refuge of mediocrity. -Henry S Haskins
You may forget with whom you laughed, but you will never forget with whom you wept.
Franz Kafka~ In the fight between you and the world back the world.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. -Napoleon Hill
Doug Larson~ What some people mistake for the high cost of living is really the cost of high living.
Two souls with but a single thought, Two hearts that beat as one. - Fredrich Halm
Better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
Four innate sentiments dispose people to a universal moral sense. These are sympathy, fairness, self-control and duty. -James Q. Wilson
Henry J. Kaiser~ Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ What you are is a question only you can answer.
We blame fate for other accidents, but we feel personally responsible when we make a hole in one.
I have found you an argument; but I am not obliged to find you an understanding. - Samuel Johnson
I have discovered that we may be in some degree whatever character we choose. Besides, practice forms a man to anything. -James Boswell
Samuel Butler~ It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil. The want of money is so quite as truly.
Jessica Dubroff~ This started off as a father-daughter adventure and its gotten wonderfully out of hand...Im going to fly till I die.
And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. -Kahlil Gibran
Ernest Hello~ The man who gives up accomplishes nothing and is only a hindrance. The man who does not give up can move mountains.
Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow. -Norman Vincent Peale
All computers wait at the same speed.
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
Every burden is a blessing. -Robert Schuller
Cynthia Nelms~ Nobody really cares if youre miserable so you might as well be happy.
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear-view mirror.
Benjamin Franklin~ To be humble to superiors is duty to equals courtesy to inferiors nobleness.
Bill Stern~ Our elections are free its in the results where eventually we pay.
Eric Hoffer~ Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for the lost faith in ourselves.
A woman's greatest power is her vulnerability.
Benjamin Franklin~ Sin is not hurtful because it is forbidden but it is forbidden because its hurtful.
Abraham Lincoln~ People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
W. Clement Stone~ Truth will always be truth regardless of lack of understanding disbelief or ignorance.
Tom Stoppard~ If an ideas worth having once its worth having twice.
We could all take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Richard Cecil~ We ought not to judge of mens merits by their qualifications but by the use they make of them.
Kahlil Gibran~ Death most resembles a prophet who is without honor in his own land or a poet who is a stranger among his people.
Marcel Proust~ Let us be grateful to people who make us happy They are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Feodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky~ Much unhappiness has come into the world because of bewilderment and things left unsaid.
Andy Rooney~ Dont rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head.
Oliver Cromwell~ He who stops being better stops being good.
When the devil starts messing, God starts blessing. (R.W. Schambach)
Hubert Humphrey~ Never give up on anybody.
Giuseppe Garibaldi~ Give me the ready hand rather than the ready tongue.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Religion is what a person does in his solitariness.
Ralph W. Sockman~ The test of courage comes when we are in the minority the test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
William James~ Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
I never let my subject get in the way of what I want to talk about. -Mark Victor Hansen
Proverbs ~ Her children arise up and call her blessed.
You'll find as you grow older that you weren't born such a great while ago after all. The time shortens up. -William Dean Howells
Most of us ask for advice when we know the answer but we want a different one. - Ivern Ball
It's time to start living the life you've imagined. -Henry James
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent. -Epictetus
Grief and tragedy and hatred are only for a time. Goodness, remembrance and love have no end. -George Bush
What is the speed of dark?
Benjamin Franklin~ Wish not so much to live long as to live well.
Marie Louise De La Ramee~ Could we see when and where we are to meet again we would be more tender when we bid our friends goodbye.
Jane Austen~ One does not love a place the less for having suffered in it unless it has all been suffering nothing but suffering.
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself. -Chinese Proverb
Alfred Victor Vigny~ Perform your long and heavy task with energy treading the path to which Fate has been pleased to call you.
English Proverb~ We never know the worth of water til the well is dry.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous the sensible man hardly anything.
Joseph Addison~ When men are easy in their circumstances they are naturally enemies to innovations.
Oscar Wilde~ Woman begins by resisting a mans advances and ends by blocking his retreat.
He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes....
Dumb & Dumber~ Lloyd Hey look the Monkees. They were a huge influence on the Beatles.
Jules Renard~ Look for the ridiculous in everything and you will find it.
Wilson Mizner~ Money is the only substance which can keep a cold world from nicknaming a citizen Hey you
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. (Oliver Goldsmith)
William Shakespeare~ This above all to thine own self be true.
Charles De Gaulle~ Love is the strongest force the world possesses and yet it is the Greatness of a road leading towards the unknown.
John Erskine~ Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. -Norman Vincent Peale
The trouble is, by the time you have money to burn, the fire has gone out.
Ronald Reagan~ I have only one thing to say to the tax increasers. Go ahead-make my day.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. -William A. Ward
Mignon McLaughlin~ The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
To be able to say how much love, is love but little. - Agnes Repplier
Voltaire~ Man is free at the moment he wishes to be.
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have. -Zig Ziglar
Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
Steven Wright~ You cant have everything. Where would you put it
Despite the high cost of living, it remains very popular.
You will never be promoted until you become over-qualified for your present position.
An army of deer led by a lion is more to be feared than an army of lions led by a deer.
What you risk reveals what you value. -Jeanette Winterson
Blaise Pascal~ The heart has arguments with which the logic of mind is not aquainted.
Mary Daly~ It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God.
Why do the hours at work drag on endlessly when the years seem to fly past?
Love is just a word until it is proven to you. - Unknown
John Billings~ Dont lay any certain plans for the future it is like planting toads and expecting to raise toadstools.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton~ With age come the inner the higher life. Who would be forever young to dwell always in externals
Jean Cocteau~ The worst tragedy for a poet is to be admired through being misunderstood.
Dave Tyson Gentry~ True friendship comes when silence between two people is comfortable.
Anthony DAngelo~ Become addicted to constant and never-ending self improvement.
Only in America do people order double cheese burgers, a large fries, and a diet coke.
Clint Eastwood Jr.~ If you want a guarantee buy a toaster.
You never become a howling success by just howling. -Bob Harrington
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. -Chinese proverb
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. -Wayne Dyer
Heredity deals the cards; environment plays the hand. - Charles L. Brewer
Hell has no exits. Heaven needs none.
Thornton~ Seek the lofty by reading hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.
Imagination is intelligence having fun.
Austin OMalley~ A home-made friend wears longer than one you buy in the market.
Josh Billings~ There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
Oscar Wilde~ By giving us the opinions of the uneducated journalism keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
Reverend Edward A. Malloy~ A college degree is not a sign that one is a finished product but an indication a person is prepared for life.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid. - Gertrude Stein
Napoleon~ Un croquis vaut mieux quun long discours.Fr. A picture is worth a thousand words.
Dr. Viktor E Frankl~ The last of the human freedoms - to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances to choose ones own way.
Willa Sibert Cather~ That is happiness to be dissolved into something complete and great.
Hubert Humphrey~ The greatest gift of life is friendship and I have received it.
Stephen William Hawking~ My goal is simple. It is the complete understanding of the Universe.
You can't build character & courage by taking away men's initiative & independence.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession. -Sophocles
Yogi Berra~ If the fans dont wanna come out to the ballpark no one can stop em.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ It is fun to be in the same decade with you.
Always listen to experts. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it. -Robert Heinlein
Carolyn Coats~ Children have more need of models than of critics.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love. -Henry Ward Beecher
No matter how far you have gone on a wrong road, turn back. (Turkish proverb)
Bill Vaughan~ Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees then names the streets after them.
Lao Tzu~ All things in the world come from being. And being comes from non-being.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Alfred North Whitehead~ Seek simplicity and distrust it.
James Leo Herlihy~ Be yourself. No one can ever tell you youre doing it wrong.
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. -Albert Einstein
The more I know the more I know I don't know.
Friedrich von Hardenberg Novalis~ We are near waking when we dream we are dreaming.
Confucius~ A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Henry Graham Greene~ He Harris felt the loyalty we all feel to unhappiness - the sense that that is where we really belong.
Stephen William Hawking~ It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value.
Henry Ward Beecher~ The sun does not shine for a few trees and flowers but for the wide worlds joy.
The best vision is insight. -Malcolm Forbes
Morris Adler~ The purpose of learning is growth and our minds unlike our bodies can continue growing as we continue to live.
Laziness is the mother of all vice... but, it's a mother and you should respect her! (Spanish popular wisdom)
But, it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Herbert Rappaport~ I hope that while so many people are out smelling the flowers someone is taking the time to plant some.
Garry Shandling~ Im too shy to express my sexual needs except over the phone to people I dont know.
Morrie Schwartz~ The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love and to let it come in.
Vince Lombardi~ The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Why do Kamikaze pilots wear helmets?
Italian Proverb~ Speak of the devil and he appears.
Unknown~ True friends are like diamonds precious but rare. Fake friends are like fall leaves found everywhere.
Airplane~ Steve McCroskey Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit amphetamines
Upton Sinclair~ Fascism is capitalism plus murder.
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us... What we make of our talents is our gift back to God. -Leo Buscaglia
African Proverb~ When there is no enemy within the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
Isaac Friedmann~ Forgiveness is the sweetest revenge.
Steven Wright~ Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted line. He caught every other fish.
Tommy Boy~ Tommy Richard whos your favorite little rascal Alfalfa or is it Spanky
Albert Camus~ Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Kahlil Gibran~ In one drop of water are found all the secrets of all the oceans.
Abraham Joshua Heschel~ Prayer is our humble answer to the inconceivable surprise of living.
John Gay~ The comfortable estate of widowhood is the only hope that keeps up a wifes spirits.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ Old people like to give good advice as solace for no longer being able to provide bad examples.
What some people mistake for the high cost of living, is really the cost of living high.
Life begets life. Energy creates energy. It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich. -Sarah Bernhardt
Iris Murdoch~ We can only learn to love by loving.
Caitlin Matthews~ To be at peace with ourselves we need to know ourselves.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ The pleasure is momentary the position rediculous and the expense damnable.
George Bernard Shaw~ Beware of the man whose God is in the skies.
Thomas Jefferson~ The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that I wish it to be always kept alive.
George Carlin~ Theres no present. Theres only the immediate future and the recent past.
Jim Webb~ Before all else each of us must take a fundamental risk - to be true to ourselves.
Henny Youngman~ When I read about the evils of drinking I gave up reading.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire. -Emanuel Swedenborg
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability. -Cicero
Intelligence is nothing without delight. - Paul Claudel
Charlie Chaplin~ Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
If people from Poland are called Poles, why aren't people from Holland called Holes?
Proverbs a Bible~ For a just man falleth seven times and riseth up again...
Unknown~ Where you find true friendship You find true love.
An individual who is active in higher learning soon becomes an individual active in higher earning. -Michael Gulliver
What we anticipate seldom occurs, what we least expected generally happens. -Benjamin Disraeli
Robert S. McNamara~ Brains like hearts go where they are appreciated.
William Feather~ The petty economies of the rich are just as amazing as the silly extravagances of the poor.
Og Mandino~ Do all things with love.
My five-year-old daughter was asked by her teacher what her father does, and she replied, "Whatever my Mom tells him to."
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
Juan Ramon Jiminez~ If they give you ruled paper write the other way.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination. -John Dewey
The prudent person may direct a state, but it is the enthusiast who regenerates or ruins it. -Edward G. Bulwer-lytton
Elizabeth Barrett Browning~ A womans always younger than a man of equal years.
Marshall McLuhan~ Our Age of Anxiety is in great part the result of trying to do todays jobs with yesterdays tools.
William Butler Yeats~ The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.
Do not lose your inward peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset. -Saint Francis De Sales
Jacob Getlar Smith~ The artist should be a seeing-eye dog for a myopic civilization.
Helen Rowland~ Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common-sense.
Thomas Fuller~ Be not extravagantly high in expression of thy commendations of men thou likest it may make the hearers stomach rise.
Edward W. Howe~ If you dont learn to laugh at troubles you wont have anything to laugh at when you grow old.
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. -James A. Froude
George Santayana~ Those who speak most of progress measure it by quantity and not by quality.
Saint Theresa of Jesus~ There are more tears shed over answered prayers than over unanswered prayers.
Bob Dylan~ I like America just as everybody else does. I love America I gotta say that. But America will be judged.
William Shakespeare~ Self-loving is not so vile a sin my liege as self-neglecting.
Hellen Keller~ Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature.... Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
At the center of our agency is our freedom to form a healthy attitude toward whatever circumstances we are placed in! -Neal A. Maxwell
Henry Ward Beecher~ A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs - jolted by every pebble in the road.
There is no future in time travel.
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him. -Booker T. Washington, African American Educator
Richard Wagner~ I write music with an exclamation point
Geoffrey F. Albert~ It often takes more courage to change ones opinion than to stick to it.
Aharon Appelfeld~ People who lose their parents when young are permanently in love with them.
Don't wait for your ship to come in. Row out to meet it.
The best thing you can do is get good at being you. -Dennis T. Menace
Chinua Achebe~ To me being an intellectual doesnt mean knowing about intellectual issues it means taking pleasure in them.
Anon.~ If a trainstation is where the train stops whats a workstation...
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him. -Booker T. Washington. - Booker T. Washington
Sir Thomas Browne~ Be substantially great in thyself and more than thou appearest unto others.
Often a noble face hides filthy ways. - Euripides
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you are right. (Henry Ford)
Plutarch~ The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
Madeline Bridges~ Then give to the world the best you have. And the best will come back to you.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ It is often merely for an excuse that we say things are impossible.
Thomas B. Macaulay~ The measure of a mans real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out.
Francis Bacon~ In taking revenge a man is but even with his enemy but in passing it over he is superior.
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst for riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it. -Laurence Sterne
Scottish Proverb~ Be slow in choosing a friend but slower in changing him.
Alan Bleasdale~ Nature uses as little as possible of anything.
I learned that it is the weak who are cruel, and that gentleness is to be expected only from the strong. -Leo Rosten
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching.
Ed Macauley~ When you are not practicing remember someone somewhere is practicing and when you meet him he will win.
Anger is a short madness. - Quintus Horatius Flaccus Horace
Michael Pritchard~ Fear is that little darkroom where negatives are developed.
Hyt is not al golde that glareth. - Geoffrey Chaucer
Ernesto Che Guevara~ Silence is argument carried out by other means.
To love for the sake of being loved is human; to love for the sake of loving is angelic.
Mike Newlin~ Genius is perseverence in disguise.
Mae West~ His mother should have thrown him away and kept the stork.
Victor Hugo~ Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
T. S. Eliot~ Success is relative. It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
Newt Gingrich~ Im not a natural leader. Im too intellectual Im too abstract I think too much.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ The sure conviction that we could if we wanted to is the reason so many good minds are idle.
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people's lives. -Clint Eastwood
The testimony of the Lord is sure making wise the simple. [Psalms 19:7]. - Bible
Margaret Elizabeth Sangster~ I thank You God in Heaven for friends.
Bernard Bailey~ When they discover the center of the universe a lot of people will be disappointed to discover they are not it.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, BAFFLE them with bullshit!
Titus Maccius Plautus~ A contented mind is the best source for trouble.
Every girl should use what mother nature gives her before father time takes it away.
Bertrand Russell~ So far as I can remember there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
Poul Anderson~ Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt.
Swedish Proverb~ Fear less hope moreWhine less breathe moreTalk less say moreHate less love moreAnd all good things are yours.
Felix Cohen~ Generally the theories we believe we call facts and the facts we disbelieve we call theories.
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan. -Norman Vincent Peale
The liar's punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else. (George Bernard Shaw)
The tragedy of life is what dies in the hearts and souls of people while they live. (Albert Einstein)
What people say behind your back is your standing in the community. -Ed Howe
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does. -Lewis B Hershey
Ezra Loomis Pound~ There is no reason why the same man should like the same book at and at .
D. Morgan~ If you hear a different drummer - dreamer take a chance . . . The road you choose to travel means the difference in the dance.
Confucius~ A man who does not plan long ahead will find trouble right at his door.
Charles Luckman~ The trouble with America is that there are far too many wide-open spaces surrounded by teeth.
Mike Vance~ Innovation is the creation of the new Or the re-arranging of the old in a new way.
Every man has the right to risk his own life in order to save it. -Jean-jacques Rousseau
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong. -Warren Buffett
Henry Drummond~ Kindness is the golden key that unlocks the hearts of others.
The best proof of love is trust. -Joyce Brothers
Men are like a deck of cards. You'll find the occasional king, but most are jacks. - Laura Swenson
Larry Hawkins~ We need programs that will teach athletes how to spell jump shot rather than how to shoot it.
Groucho Marx~ It isnt necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
You have to know what's important and what's unimportant, for you. - David Harold Fink
Samuel Johnson~ Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome.
Charles Dickens~ We need never be ashamed of our tears.
William Arthur Ward~ When we seek to discover the best in others we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Angel Blessing~ You wont be happy with more until youre happy with what youve got.
Do what you love and love what you're doing, and you'll never work another day in your life.
Roger Zelazny~ Goodbye and hello as always.
Tell me what you like and I'll tell you what you are. -John Ruskin
Chinese Proverb~ Do not employ handsome servants.
Logic, like whiskey, loses its beneficial effect when taken in too large quantities. - Lord Dunsany
I've learned that under everyone's hard shell, is someone who wants to be appreciated and loved. - Andy Rooney
Henri Bergson~ The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
I have a dream: 1073741824 bytes free.
Mark Twain~ Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Abraham Lincoln~ Quarrel not at all. No man resolved to make the most of himself can spare time for personal contention.
We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.
A banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining, and who asks for it back when it start to rain.
What exactly is "Unsweetened" iced Tea? Did they take the sugar back out? (W. Lanza)
Chinese Proverb~ Climb mountains to see lowlands.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all the others.
If you don't quit, and don't cheat, and don't run home when trouble arrives, you can only win. -Shelley Long
Whatever you can do, or dream you can begin it. Boldness has genius, magic, and power in it. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Like jewels in a crown the precious stones glittered in the queens round metal hat.
Ross Hersey~ Look not back in anger nor forward in fear But around you in awareness.
Christopher Hampton~ Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamppost how it feels about dogs.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. (from the Sufis). -Wayne Dyer
Anon.~ I speak BASIC to clients - to management and mumble to myself.
Neil Simon~ Sudden money is going from zero to two hundred dollars a week. The rest doesnt count.
Our power is in our ability to decide. -Buckminster Fuller
A Bartlett Giamatti~ Teaching is an instinctual art mindful of potential craving of realizations a pausing seamless process.
Max Beerbohm~ People who insist on telling their dreams are among the terrors of the breakfast table.
Margaret Weis~ Hope is the denial of reality.
Joseph Addison~ Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do something to love and something to hope for.
Edward R. Nida~ How you lose or keep your hair depends on how wisely you choose your parents.
A stand can be made against invasion of an army; no stand can be made against invasion of an idea.
Rmy de Gourmont~ The terrible thing about the quest for truth is that you find it.
Thomas Carlyle~ No great man lives in vain. The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
Nothing profits more than self-esteem, grounded on what is just and right. -John Milton
Martin Luther~ If youre not allowed to laugh in heaven I dont want to go there.
Jean de La Fontaine~ We heed no instincts but our own.
No one's head aches when he is comforting another -Indian Proverb
Menstruation, menopause, mental breakdowns... Ever notice how all womens problems begin with men?
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting. -Christopher Morley
Sue Atchley Ebaugh~ The greatest gift we can give one another is rapt attention to one anothers existence.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ When its a question of money everybody is of the same religion.
It is in changing that things find purpose. -Heraclitus
Warren Bennis~ Our tendency to create heroes rarely jibes with the reality that most nontrivial problems require collective solutions.
A gentle word like summer rain may soothe some heart and banish pain. What joy or sadness often springs from just the simple little things!
Jorge Luis Borges~ To die for a religion is easier than to live it absolutely.
The purpose of all prayer is to find God's will and to make that will our prayer. (Catherine Marshall)
Those who wish to sing always find a song. -Swedish proverb
Ronald Reagan~ The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job.
Say what you mean, mean what you say, but don't say it mean.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. -Kenji Miyazawa
Titus Livius~ In difficult and desperate cases the boldest counsels are the safest.
Frederick Douglas~ Without a struggle there can be no progress.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. -Buke Ellington
When it gets dark enough you can see the stars. -Lee Salk
Happy Gilmore~ Happy You know my girlfriend is dead. She fell off a cliff and died on impact.
There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Child Age ~ Ive learned that you cant hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk.
Nelson Rockefeller~ The chief problem with lower income farmers is poverty.
Miguel de Cervantes~ It is good to live and learn.
Charles Lamb~ I am determined that my children shall be brought up in their fathers religion if they can find out what it is.
Susan Partnow~ It is within the families themselves where peace can begin.
Russell Smith~ An Indian tribe is sovereign to the extent that the U.S. permits it to be sovereign.
Waynes World~ Wayne I once thought I had mono for an entire year It turned out I was just really bored.
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it. -Robin Williams
An obstinate man does not hold opinions, they hold him. (Samuel Butler)
Nina Berberova~ I had learnt to seek intensitymore of life a concentrated sense of life.
Francis Bacon~ The worlds a bubble and the life of man Less than a span.
Herman Melville~ A man thinks that by mouthing hard words he understands hard things.
A. W. Tozer~ The widest thing in the universe is not space it is the potential capacity of the human heart.
Joseph Campbell~ Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it. -William Arthur Ward
Kathryn Schaefer Plaum~ Live.....Laugh.....GOLF
David Letterman~ Im just trying to make a smudge on the collective unconscious.
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. -Washington Irving
My kids always perceived the bathroom as a place where you wait it out until all the groceries are unloaded from the car. (Erma Bombeck)
Judge Gideon J. Tucker~ No mans life liberty or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Every man has his own courage and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
Latin Proverb~ Keep quiet and people will think you a philosopher.
Joseph Epstein~ What distinguishes us one from another is our dreams . . . and what we do to make them come about.
Art Linkletter~ Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out.
Henry Martyn Robert~ Where there is no law but every man does what is right in his own eyes there is the least of real liberty.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
A goal properly set is halfway reached.
Prosperity discovers vice, adversity discovers virtue. - Francis Bacon
The ability to manage well doesn't make much difference if you're not even in the right jungle. -Stephen Covey
Bertrand Russell~ Mathematics rightly viewed posses not only truth but supreme beauty - a beauty cold and austere like that of sculpture.
May every day of your life together be worse than the next. (Old Irish wedding blessing)
Epictetus~ Any one thing in the creation is sufficient to demonstrate a Providence to an humble and grateful mind.
Eugene V. Debs~ The rights of one are as sacred as the rights of a million.
One person's error is another person's data.
Do more than is required of you. -George S. Patton
Nine gamblers could not feed a single rooster ~ Yugoslav proverb
H.L. Mencken~ I believe that all government is evil and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.
Albert Camus~ Without freedom no art art lives only on the restraints it imposes on itself and dies of all others.
Herbert Clark Hoover~ Blessed are the young for they will inherit the national debt.
Who has never tasted what is bitter does not know what is sweet. -German proverb
Fritz Perls~ I am not in this world to live up to other peoples expectations nor do I feel that the world must live up to mine.
Freedom is not the right to do as you please, but the liberty to do as you ought.
Groucho Marx~ Ive had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasnt it.
Discovery is the ability to be puzzled by simple things. -Noam Chomsky
The most damaging phrase in the language is: It's always been done that way. -Grace Hopper
Maxine Hong Kingston~ The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed. It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods.
Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. -Willam Faulkner
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. -Winston Churchill
Horace~ I strive to be brief and become obscure.
If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man. -Paul J Getty
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
M Scott Peck~ Doubt is often the beginning of wisdom.
Malcolm Muggeridge~ The orgasm has replaced the cross as the focus of longing and fulfillment.
Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you may diet.
Rita Rudner~ Before I met my husband Id never fallen in love though Id stepped in it a few times.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you. -Denis Waitley
Joaquin Setanti~ Be wary of the man who urges an action in which he himself incurs no risk.
Plato~ The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
Dorothy Parker~ I dont know much about being a millionaire but Ill bet Id be darling at it.
Epicurus~ We do not so much need the help of our friends as the confidence of their help when in need.
Alfred Stuart Jr.~ Love can never give too much But those of us who love Can give in too much.
Max Frisch~ Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
Mother Theresa~ If you do good people may accuse you of selfish motives. Do good anyway.
Henry Ward Beecher~ It is not the going out of port but the coming in that determines the success of a voyage.
Elbert Hubbard~ Genius may have its limitations but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Bertha Flowers~ Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them with the shades of deeper meaning.
Never hurry. Take plenty of exercise. Always be cheerful. Take all the sleep you need. You may expect to be well. - James Freeman Clarke
Sarah Ban Breathnach~ Every time we remember to say thank you we experience nothing less than heaven on earth.
A little kindness from person to person is better than a vast love for all humankind. -Richard Dehmel
Ken Weaver~ Burnt Sienna. Thats the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
Mike Wickett~ Life doesnt happen to us it happens from us.
Thomas Jefferson~ It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.
A man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child.
Henry Kaiser~ Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Blaise Pascal~ The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
David Viscott~ In the end the only people who fail are those who do not try.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power, and influence. -Henry Chestor
Herodotus~ The kings might is greater than human and his arm is very long.
Alan Alexander Milne~ One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
I can teach my cat any trick he wants to do!
Management works in the system; leadership works on the system. -Stephen R. Covey
Examine what is said, not who speaks. (Arabian Proverb)
Hesiod~ The dawn speeds a man on his journey and speeds him too in his work.
Robert~ Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life.
Richard Whately~ A man who gives his children habits of industry provides for them better than by giving them a fortune.
Adlai Ewing Stevenson~ Let us talk sense to the American people. Let us tell them the truth that there are no gains without pains.
Jerry Coleman~ Turner pulls into second with a sun-blown double.
John Lyly~ Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Life is a progress and not a station.
Joe Moore~ Childhood is that wonderful time when all you need to do to lose weight is take a bath.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes. -William John Bennett
Franklin P. Jones~ The quickest and shortest way to crush whatever laurels you have won is for you to rest on them.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough. -Rabindranath Tagore
Lee Iacocca~ Motivation is everything. You can do the work of two people but you cant be two people.
Anthony Robbins~ The path to success is to take massive determined action.
Groucho Marx~ Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.
I have had dreams, and I have had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams. -Jonas Salk
Lonny Starr~ No matter what happens theres always somebody who knew it would
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If you ever reach total enlightenment while youre drinking a beer I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
Rabbi Abraham Heschel~ Self-respect is the fruit of discipline the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
Mark Twain~ Some people get an eduction without going to college the rest get it after they get out.
Nelson Mandela~ There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Often a certain abdication of prudence and foresight is an element of success.
Andrew Alden~ Before speaking consider the interpretation of your words as well as their intent.
Jacqueline Lee Bouvier Kennedy Onassis~ If you bungle raising your children I dont think whatever else you do matters.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened. -Winston Churchill
When I am delivering my very best, then that is when I feel successful. - Art Fettig
Polish Proverb~ Words must be weighed not counted.
E. M. Forster~ But the body is deeper than the soul and its secrets inscrutable.
Thomas Huxley~ The deepest sin against the human mind is to believe things without evidence.
Edward George Earle Lytton Bulwer-Lytton~ The strong and virtuous admit no destiny.
American Proverb~ If you cant lick em join em.
If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble. -Moliere
Frank A. Clark~ If you can find a path with no obstacles it probably doesnt lead anywhere.
Why don't people on TV ever go to the bathroom?
La Rochefoucauld~ Our enemies come nearer the truth in the opinions they form of us than we do in our opinion of ourselves.
Anon.~ What goes up must come down. Ask any system administrator.
The impossible is often the untried. -Jim Goodwin
Joe Moore~ You cant trust a promise someone makes while theyre drunk in love hungry or running for office.
He who is not grateful for the good things he has would not be happy with what he wishes he had.
Surely it's no coincidence that the word "listen" is an anagram of the word "silent".
Joseph Wood Krutch~ Cats seem to go on the principle that it never does any harm to ask for what you want.
The earth is like a spaceship that didn't come with an operating manual. -Buckminster Fuller
Silence may be golden, but can you think of a better way to entertain someone than to listen to him? -Brigham Young
Sir Thomas Browne~ Be charitable before wealth makes thee covetous.
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was. -Richard L. Evans
A friendly study of the world's religions is a sacred duty. -Mahatma Gandhi
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. -William Shakespeare
The essence of romantic love is that wonderful beginning, after which sadness and impossibility may become the rule. - Anita Brookner
As you make your way through life, let this ever be your goal, keep your eye upon the doughnut and not upon the hole. -Unknown Author
Harry S Truman~ I never did give them hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.
There can be no transforming of darkness into light and of apathy into movement without emotion. -Carl G Jung
Morley Saefer~ Kids views are often just as valid as the teachers. The best teachers are the ones that know that.
A politician is the one who shakes your hand before elections and your confidence after.
La Fontaine~ Beware so long as you live of judging people by appearances.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides. -Margaret Thatcher
Katharine Whitehorn~ A good listener is a good talker with a sore throat.
Mary Bertone~ There is no vice so simple but assumes some mark of virtue on his outward parts.
Benjamin Franklin~ Remember that time is money.
Aesop~ It is with our passions as it is with fire and water they are good servants but bad masters.
A wise man turns chance into good fortune. -Thomas Fuller
Robert Brault~ Today I bent the truth to be kind and I have no regret for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true.
John Adams~ Had I been chosen President again I am certain I could not have lived another year.
William Shakespeare~ Our bodies are our gardens to which our wills are gardeners.
I don't blame Congress. If I had $600 billion, I'd be irresponsible too.
Coleman Hawking~ If you dont make mistakes you arent really trying.
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander. -Aristotle
Ralph Novak~ Reading this book is like waiting for the first shoe to drop.
R. H. Grant~ When you hire people that are smarter than you are you prove you are smarter than they are.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
Anon.~ The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it!
Rob Brown~ If youre going to have it - have it all.
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success. -Henry Ford
Sydney Smith~ It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little. Do what you can.
If you are going to do something wrong, at least enjoy it. -Leo Rosten
Math problems? Call 1-800-[(10x)(ln(13e))]-[sin(xy)/2.362x]
Albert Einstein~ We believe that an informed citizenry will act for life and not for death. (on atomic energy)
Every really new idea looks crazy at first. -Abraham H. Maslow
Immature love: I love you because I need you. Mature love; I need you because I love you.
Do somethings are not moved by the criticism of do nothings. -Peter Sinclair
Do not resent growing old. Many are denied the privilege. -Unknown
Franklin P. Jones~ Love doesnt make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo. - Latin Proverb
Buddha~ You yourself as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
Who is more foolish, the child afraid of the dark, or the man afraid of the light? - Maurice Freehill
Lynn Johnston~ The most profound statements are often said in silence.
Gilbert K. Chesterton~ People generally quarrel because they cannot argue.
Kahlil Gibran~ You progress not through improving what has been done but reaching toward what has yet to be done.
H. Jackson Browne~ Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
The secret of success is making your vocation your vacation. -Mark Twain
Ludwig van Beethoven~ Music is a higher revelation than philosophy.
Aristotle~ Well begun is half done.
Ken Flaton~ If you sit down and dont see a fish at the table the fish is you.
C. D. Jackson~ Great ideas need landing gear as well as wings.
Success comes in cans, failure in can'ts. -Author Unknown
A synonym is a word you use in place of one you can't spell.
Henry Ford~ Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
If a person told you they were a pathological liar, should you believe them?
Martin Tupper~ A good book is the best of friends the same today and forever.
You'll miss 100 per cent of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky
Menander~ He who labors diligently need never despair for all things are accomplished by diligence and labor.
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so. -Belva Davis
Ralph Kiner~ The reason the Mets have played so well at Shea this year is they have the best home record in baseball.
Vince Lombardi~ The Green Bay Packers never lost a football game. They just ran out of time.
Marcus Dolengo~ The best way to accelerate a Macintosh is at .msecsec.
Mignon McLaughlin~ We lavish on animals the love we are afraid to show to people. They might not return it or worse they might.
Voltaire~ Use do not abuse neither abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. -Elbert Hubbard
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ A man may die nations may rise and fall but an idea lives on.
Flirtation...Attention without intention.
Salvidor Dali~ The only difference between a madman and myself is that I am not mad.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ When good Americans die they go to Paris.
James Joyce~ History is a nightmare from which we are trying to awaken.
To be rather than to seem. [Lat., Esse quam videri.] - Aeschylus
John von Neumann~ Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is of course in a state of sin.
There are three billion women who don't look like super models and ONLY eight who do.
Frank Gelett Burgess~ To appreciate nonsense requires a serious interest in life.
Publilius Syrus~ It is only the ignorant who despise education.
Unknown~ (Think of ones self as a teakettle) Though up to its neck in hot water It continues to sing.
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system. -Alfred Montapert. - Alfred Montapert
Let your mind alone, and see what happens. -Virgil Thomson
Adversity doesnt build character, it reveals it.
Kahlil Gibran~ As ones gifts increase his friends decrease.
Sometimes we all have days where we are 386's in a P4 world.
Doctor, doctor, my little boy's swallowed a bullet. What shall I do? Well, for a start, don't point him at me.
Nick Faldo~ We were happily married for eight months. Unfortunately we were married for four and a half years.
Handy Guide to Modern Science: If it's green or it wiggles, it's biology. If it stinks, it's chemistry. If it doesn't work, it's physics.
French Proverb~ We know the worth of a thing when we have lost it.
Jane Austen~ Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Raymond Chandler~ She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket.
Diogenes~ The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.
French Proverb~ Everything passes everything wears out everything breaks. (tout passe tout lasse tout casse)
William Shakespeare~ Since Cleopatra died I have livd in such dishonour that the gods Detest my baseness.
Publilius Syrus~ It is folly to punish your neighbor by fire when you live next door.
You can spend a lifetime, and, if you're honest with yourself, never once was your work perfect. -Charlton Heston
Plato~ At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Norman Mailer~ There was that law of life so cruel and so just that one must grow or else pay more for remaining the same.
Be careful of the words you say. And keep them soft and sweet. For you never know from day to day. Which ones you'll have to eat.
Yesterday's the past and tomorrow's the future. Today is a gift - which is why they call it the present. -Bill Keane
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
While intelligent people can often simplify the complex, a fool is more likely to complicate the simple. - Gerald W. Grumet
Leo Tolstoy~ Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Cultivation to the mind is as necessary as food to the body.
Confucius~ To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Sally Berger
Socrates~ Bad men live that they may eat and drink whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ No man enjoys the true taste of life but he who is ready and willing to quit it.
Benjamin Disraeli~ What we anticipate seldom occurs what we least expected generally happens.
Bernard Mannes Baruch~ If you have made a mistake cut your losses as quickly as possible.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ The conspicuously wealthy turn up urging the character-building value of privation for the poor.
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal, when we are confident and believe we are going to win out. -Orison Swett Marden
William Blake~ You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.
Norman Mailer~ The function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.
I'll always be Number 1 to myself. -Moses Malone
He is not afraid of work, you can tell by the way he fights it.
Sir Winston Churchill~ I have always felt that a politician is to be judged by the animosities he excites among his opponents.
You can be right or you can be happy. -Gerald G Jampolsky
Woody Allen~ When I was in school I cheated on my metaphysics exam I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
Overheard during a particular long sermon, "If we give him the money now, Mommy, will he let us go?"
William Osler~ We are here to add what we can to life not to get what we can from it.
Thomas Jefferson~ I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
Andy Rooney~ Computers make it easier to do a lot of things but most of the things they make it easier to do dont need to be done.
Aesop~ It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
Professor Elledge~ It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man.
Dan Quayle~ I am not part of the problem. I am a Republican.
Too many Christians are no longer fishers of men but keepers of the aquarium.
Frank Tyger~ Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Confucius~ Things that are done it is needless to speak about...things that are past it is needless to blame.
Scarface~ Tony Montana You think you can take me You need a f***ing army if you gonna take me
Unknown~ If you want to have the rainbow Then sometimes youre gonna have to deal with the rain.
Seneca~ One should count each day a separate life.
Jean de La Fontaine~ Everyone believes very easily whatever they fear or desire.
Our brightest blazes of gladness are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks. -Samuel Johnson
Bertrand Russell~ The fundamental defect of fathers is that they want their children to be a credit to them.
Washington Irving~ Great minds have purposes little minds have wishes.
Trust in God, but tie your camel. (old Moslem proverb)
Albert Einstein~ I have become rather like King Midas except that everything turns not into gold but into a circus.
Stephen Butler Leacock~ It may be that those who do most dream most.
Henry Spencer~ Were thinking about upgrading from SunOS .. to SunOS ..
Beware the fury of a patient man. -John Dryden. - John Dryden
Some people grumble because roses have thorns. Be thankful instead that thorns have roses.
Jean Babtiste Henri Lacordaire~ Neither genius fame nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
Thou ought to be nice, even to superstition, in keeping thy promises, and therefore equally cautious in making them. - Thomas Fuller
If a giraffe had a sore throat, how many lozenges would it need to make it better?
The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within. -Mahatma Gandhi
How far high failure overleaps the bounds of low success. -Sir Lewis Morris
James Truslow Adams~ The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind.
The best leaders of all, the people know not they exist. They turn to each other and say, we did it ourselves. -Zen Saying
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Barbara Howar~ There is nothing better for the spirit or the body than a love affair. It elevates the thoughts and flattens the stomachs.
All of us are God's creatures... just some are more creature than others.
Mark Twain~ It is noble to teach oneself but still nobler to teach others - and less trouble. - speech
What's the subject of life - to get rich? All of those fellows out there getting rich could be dancing around the real subject of life.
Ogden Nash~ I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. Perhaps unless the billboards fall Ill never see a tree at all.
James Grover Thurber~ All men kill the thing they hate too unless of course it kills them first.
Lewis Thomas~ The great thing about human language is that it prevents us from sticking to the matter at hand.
Frank Tyger~ Progress is not created by contented people.
Daniel Webster~ Every mans life liberty and property are in danger when the Legislature is in session.
It is an undoubted truth, that the less one has to do, the less time one finds to do it in. -Earl of Chesterfield
Real Live Preacher~ You can pray for someone even if you dont think God exists.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Intellect annuls fate. So far as a man thinks he is free.
Erma Bombeck~ Anybody who watches three games of football in a row should be declared brain dead.
Choosing what you want to do, and when to do it, is an act of creation. -Peter Mcwilliams
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. -John Lubbock
Edith Sitwell~ The public will believe anything so long as it is not founded on truth.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. - Jean Paul
Bruce Barton~ When youre through changing youre through.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Ignorance never settles a question.
Albert Einstein~ The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Honesty is as much saying everything as it is saying what is true. -Richard Snelling
The fates lead him who will-him who won't they drag. -Seneca
Kimon Nicolaides~ The sooner you make your first five thousand mistakes the sooner you will be able to correct them.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it. - Marcus Aurelius
Unknown~ Any sufficiently advanced bureaucracy is indistinguishable from molasses.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. -Pamela Vaull Starr
Jonathan Winters~ I couldnt wait for success so I went on ahead without it.
Nicholas Chamfort~ In great affairs men show themselves as they wish to be seen in small things they show themselves as they are.
J. Paul Getty~ Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. -Charles Kettering
Clive Staples Lewis~ I was not born to be free. I was born to adore and to obey.
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness; it usually comes back to you. -Anonymous
Lou Brock~ Show me a guy whos afraid to look bad and Ill show you a guy you can beat every time.
Jean Rostand~ My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of the pessimists.
Jawaharlal Nehru~ Facts are facts and will not disappear on account of your likes.
Carl Gustav Jung~ Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
Don't be afraid of the dark, be afraid of what it hides...
One thing you can give and still keep, is your word.
I am his mistress. His work is his wife. -Marion Javits
You can learn many things from children... like how much patience you have.
Can't never could do anything. Till could came along and whipped Can't butt...now can't can do a lot.
When you live in the past, it costs you the present.
Marie Curie~ All my life through the new sights of nature made me rejoice like a child.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. (Doug Larson)
Henry David Thoreau~ Thank God men cannot as yet fly and lay waste the sky as well as the earth
Could we but rightly comprehend the mind of man, nothing would be impossible to us upon the earth. -Parcelsus
To succeed at the level I want to... you have to be focused and serious. -Kent Steffes
Ambrose Bierce~ The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
Jerry Coleman~ Well it looks like the all-star balloting is about over especially in the National and American Leagues.
William Shakespeare~ He wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
Steven Wright~ Curiosity killed the cat but for a while I was a suspect.
Buddha~ Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
John Selden~ No man is wiser for his learning wit and wisdom are born with a man.
Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way. -George Patton
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are. -Arnold Glasow
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Give all to love obey thy heart.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on it. -Danny Kaye
Charles Roberts Buxton~ You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it.
Peter Brodie~ There is a negative proof of the value of Latin No one seems to boast of not knowing it.
For light I go directly to the Source of light, not to any of the reflections. -Pilgrims
Victor Hugo~ Popularity It is glorys small change.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ History is strictly speaking the study of questions the study of answers belongs to anthropology and sociology.
Unknown~ J.F.K. - The Man and the Airport
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. -Alvin Toffler
Bertrand Russell~ Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim.
John Pierpoint Morgan~ A man generally has two reasons for doing a thing.
Claudianus~ Pride sullies the noblest character.
You don't need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding. -Guy Finley
John Dryden~ Great wits are sure to madness near allied And thin partitions do their bounds divide.
Every fool finds a greater one to admire them. - Bioleau
Laertius Diogenes~ The mob is the mother of tyrants.
Confucius~ The expectations of life depend upon diligence the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.
Harriet~ Where painting is weakest namely in the expression of the highest moral and spiritual ideas there music is sublimely strong.
Jim~ The truth which makes men free is for the most part the truth which men prefer not to hear.
Robbie Gass~ Like an ability or a muscle hearing your inner wisdom is strengthened by doing it.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life. -William Feather
Mark Twain~ Everything has its limit - iron ore cannot be educated into gold. -
Thomas Huxley~ There is no greater mistake than the hasty conclusion that opinions are worthless because they are badly argued.
You cannot consistently perform in a manner which is inconsistent with the way you see yourself. -Zig Ziglar
The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring. - Francis H. Bradley
Jane Austen~ It will I believe be everywhere found that as the clergy are or are not what they ought to be so are the rest of the nation.
Committee: A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. -Elbert Hubbard
I haven't lost my mind; it's backed up on tape somewhere.
John Wooden~ You cannot live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
Plato~ If women are expected to do the same work as men we must teach them the same things.
Joyce Grenfell~ I have come to believe that giving and receiving are really the same. Giving and receiving - not giving and taking.
Erich Fromm~ If it were not for hopes the heart would break.
If you don't have a vision, nothing happens. -Christopher Reeve
James Thorpe~ Household tasks are easier and quicker when they are done by somebody else.
Whoever I am, or whatever I am doing, some kind of excellence is within my reach. -John W. Gardner
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Doubt is uncomfortable certainty is ridiculous.
Catherine de Hueck~ With the gift of listening comes the gift of healing.
A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done. -Ralph Lauren
Every noble work is at first impossible. -Thomas Carlyle
There are three kinds of people: those who can count, and those who can't.
Dr. Martin Henry Fischer~ Half of the modern drugs could well be thrown out of the window except that the birds might eat them.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ To establish oneself in the world one has to do all one can to appear established.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Friendship improves happiness and abates misery by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Seneca~ The arts are the servant wisdom its master.
Mark Twain~ A man with a new idea is a crank - until the idea succeeds.
H Hahn Blavatsky~ After a body has a mind of its own.
Robert Townsend~ Getting there isnt half the fun - its all the fun.
Phillips Brooks~ Character may be manifested in the great moments but it is made in the small ones.
Publilius Syrus~ To-day is the pupil of yesterday.
Gods Little Instruction Book~ Falling Doesnt Make You a Failure Staying Down Does.
John Ruskin~ Education is the leading of human souls to what is best and making what is best out of them.
They are eloquent who can speak low things acutely, and of great things with dignity, and of moderate things with temper. - Marcus T. Cicero
Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful. -Ann Landers
Senator Dianne Feinstein~ Toughness doesnt have to come in a pinstriped suit.
Chico Marx~ Mustards no good without roast beef.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop. - Anonymous
Samuel Butler~ Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Unknown~ Anyone who uses the phrase easy as taking candy from a baby has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Chinua Achebe~ A man who makes trouble for others is also making trouble for himself.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ When the president does it that means it is not illegal.
Matthew Henry~ Knowledge is vain and fruitless which is not reduced to practice.
Charles De Gaulle~ Since a politician never believes what he says he is quite surprised to be taken at his word.
Isodore Duncan~ So long as little children are allowed to suffer there is no true love in this world.
It is the pain of sacrifice or the pain of regret.
Ernest Hemingway~ The world is a fine place and worth fighting for. I agree with the second part.
I'm comfortable being old... being black... being Jewish. - Billy Crystal
Andr Gide~ Everything has been said before but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
Sophocles~ Of no mortal say That man is happy till vexed by no grievous ill he pass Lifes goal.
Saint Ambrose~ When you are at Rome live in the Roman style when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
There has never been a statue erected to the memory of someone who let well enough alone. -Jules Ellinger
George William Curtis~ It is not observed in history that families improve with time.
Ryszard Kapuscinski~ Life is truly known only to those who suffer lose endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
Russell Green~ The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth which it prevents you from achieving.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ I am who I choose to be. I always have been what I chosethough not always what I pleased.
George Dana Boardman~ The world is dying for want not of good preaching but of good hearing.
Gloria Anzaldua~ The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
An ounce of hypocracy is worth a pound of ambition. -Michael Korda
Maria Schell~ Peace is when time doesnt matter as it passes by.
Failures are like skinned knees, painful but superficial. -H. Ross Perot
Alfred Hitchcock~ The paperback is very interesting but I find it will never replace the hardcover book - it makes a very poor doorstop.
Josh Billings~ Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
Failure comes in two ways: Those who do it without giving a thought. Those who thought about it but do nothing.
William Shakespeare~ We know what we are but know not what we may be.
Louis D. Brandeis~ Organization can never be a substitute for initiative and for judgment.
Job Bible~ Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades or loose the bands of Orion
George Shinn~ Growth means change and change involves risk stepping from the known to the unknown.
Samuel Butler~ The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.
G. C. Lichtenberg~ Before we blame we should first see if we cant excuse.
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give - which is everything. - Anonymous
Henry Kissinger~ If you dont know where you are going every road will get you nowhere.
Geoffrey Chaucer~ Theres never a new fashion but its old.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. -Cicero
Kahlil Gibran~ Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything? -Vincent Van Gogh
Jules Renard~ If I were to begin life again I should want it as it was. I would only open my eyes a little bit more.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Yes you can be a dreamer and a doer too if you will remove one word from your vocabulary impossible.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
Henry Ward Beecher~ I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.
A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe. -Wayne Dyer
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not. -Oprah Winfrey
John Masefield~ In this life he laughs longest who laughs last.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ We must always change renew rejuvenate ourselves otherwise we harden.
Saint Jerome~ When the stomach is full it is easy to talk of fasting.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. -Les Brown
Germaine Greer~ Security is when everything is settled. When nothing can happen to you. Security is the denial of life.
Why should I clutter my mind with general information when I have men around me who can supply any knowledge I need? -Henry Ford
Martin Luther~ I cannot believe that my illness is natural. I suspect Satan and therefore I am the more inclined to take it lightly.
Jose Ortega y Gasset~ To be surprised to wonder is to begin to understand.
Virtue is never left to stand alone. He who has it will have neighbors. -Confucius
Lawrence Peter Berra~ It gets late early out there.
Horace~ Patience makes lighter What sorrow may not heal.
William Shakespeare~ In a false quarrel there is no true valour.
Never consider the possibility of failure; as long as you persist, you will be successful. -Brian Tracy
Swordfish~ Gabriel Oh come on Stan Not everything ends the way you think it should Besides audiences love happy endings.
I say that habit's but a long practice, friend, and this becomes men's nature in the end. -Aristotle
Unknown~ Through the doors of perception Down the corridors of uncertainty Into the room of self doubt Opens the window of opportunity.
After all this is over, all that will really have mattered is how we treated each other. Thanks to Mike Doherty -Unknown. - Unknown
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Hell is Gods great compliment to the reality of human freedom and the dignity of human choice.
Treat people like angels; you will meet some and help make some.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth~ If you cant say anything good about someone sit right here by me.
What is art but a way of seeing? -Thomas Berger
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -Thomas Szasz
Katharine Whitehorn~ Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it.
One unable to dance blames the unevenness of the floor. (Malaysian proverb)
Paul Fussell~ I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
Death is not a period but a comma in the story of life.
Malayan Proverb~ Though a tree grow ever so high the falling leaves return to the ground.
Beverly Sills~ Ive always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.
Dorothy Day~ The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up.
Robertson Davies~ The wit of a graduate student is like champagne. Canadian champagne.
Charles Austin Beard~ When it is dark enough you can see the stars.
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age. -Gloria Pitzer
Joseph Addison~ Arguments out of a pretty mouth are unanswerable.
Begin with the end in mind. -Stephen Covey
Jawaharlal Nehru~ The forces in a capitalist society if left unchecked tend to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Erich Fromm~ Immature love says I love you because I need you. Mature love says I need you because I love you.
Amelia Burr~ Because I have loved life I shall have no sorrow to die.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. -Elbert Hubbard
Unknown~ It is impossible to better yourself if you do not know what it means to be better.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. -William Penn
Aldous Huxley~ Art is one of the means whereby man seeks to redeem a life which is experienced as chaotic senseless and largely evil.
Dig within. Within is the wellspring of good; and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig. -Marcus Aurelius
Stephen Covey~ While we are free to choose our actions we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions.
Michael Pupin~ Truth is beautiful and divine no matter how humble its origin.
Italian Proverb~ If you scatter thorns dont go barefoot.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world. -Emmett Fox
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ My country is the world and my religion is to do good.
Robert Frost~ In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life it goes on.
Gen. Joseph Stilwell~ Dont let the bastards grind you down.
Mark Twain~ Ive come loaded with statistics for Ive noticed that a man cant prove anything without statistics.
College is that bright interlude of freedom a young man has between subjection to his mother and submission to his wife.
Computer programmers don't byte, they nibble a bit.
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will. -Epictetus
Vince Lombardi~ Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. -Les Brown
Elaine Boosler~ Im just a person trapped inside a womans body.
Proverb~ How many angels are there One - who transforms our live - is plenty.
Muammar Qaddafi~ We are capable of destroying America and breaking its nose.
Carl Gustav Jung~ Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
I used to be lost in the shuffle. Now I just shuffle along with the lost.
The trappings of lifestyle are often that; traps. -Thomas Leonard
Athenus~ Every investigation which is guided by principles of Nature fixes its ultimate aim entirely on gratifying the stomach.
The best and fastest way to learn a sport is to watch and imitate a champion. -Jean-Claude Kelly
Do whatever it takes, whenever it needs to be done, regardless of whether you feel like doing it or not. -Greg Hickman
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ Ours is a world where people dont know what they want and are willing to go through hell to get it.
Lewis Carroll~ Everything has got a moral if you can only find it.
B. C. Forbes~ Real riches are the riches possessed inside.
Unknown~ Television is chewing gum for the eyes.
The person who says he trusts no one should include himself.
Mignon McLaughlin~ If I knew what I was so anxious about I wouldnt be so anxious.
Albert Einstein~ The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
Who so loves believes the impossible. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Pliny the Elder~ In these matters the only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Franois Auguste Ren Rodin~ Nobody does good to man with impunity.
Sometimes providences, like Hebrew letters, must be read backward. (John Flavel)
Bill Vaughan~ People learn something every day and a lot of times its that what they learned the day before was wrong.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Every man was not born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
Emma Goldman~ The strongest bulwark of authority is uniformity the least divergence from it is the greatest crime.
Michelangelo Buonarroti~ The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Insist on yourself never imitate... Every great man is unique.
Jean de La Fontaine~ No path of flowers leads to glory.
People who want to appear clever rely on memory. People who want to get things done make lists. -Peter Mcwilliams
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. -Mary Kay Ash
You may only be one person in the world, but to one person you may be the world.
Robert A. Heinlein~ A motion to adjourn is always in order.
Thomas Haynes Bayly~ Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Napolean Hill~ The path of least resistance makes all rivers and some men crooked.
Shane Leslie~ The American sign of civic progress is to tear down the familiar and erect the monstrous.
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. -Henry Ford
I thought so hard I got a headache. - J.d. Cobb
Profitability doesn't happen when you're walking on bullshit. -Jerry Martin
Publilius Syrus~ He who lives in solitude may make his own laws.
Hubert Humphrey~ The hardest job for a politician today is to have the courage to be a moderate. Its easy to take an extreme position.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. -Ann Landers
Francis Quarles~ Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not gives advantage to the danger.
Mark Twain~ The human race has one really effective weapon and that is laughter.
John Madden~ The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.
Heinrich Heine~ Experience is a good school but the fees are high.
Stephen~ Music is expression of harmony in sound. Love is the expression of harmony in life.
Ayn Rand~ So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money
D. H. Lawrence~ The great virtue in life is real courage that knows how to face facts and live beyond them.
Terence~ I have everything yet have nothing and although I possess nothing still of nothing am I in want.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance. -Socrates
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. - Christopher Morley
Don't worry about growing older or pleasing others. Please yourself. - David Brown
Henry Louis Mencken~ Life is a dead-end street.
Michelle Burford~ Maybe the most any of us can expect of ourselves isnt perfection but progress.
Benjamin Disraeli~ The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.
Great minds ... discuss ideas.
One of the healthiest ways to gamble is with a spade and a package of garden seeds. ~ Dan Bennett
Fear doesn't overwhelm you; you let fear overwhelm you.
The pessimist borrows trouble; the optimists lend encouragement. -William Arthur Ward
A sweater is usually put on a child when the parent feels chilly.
Ed Cunningham~ Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
The way to succeed is to double your failure rate. -Thomas Watson
Henry Adams~ Accident counts for much in companionship as in marriage.
The first rule of baseball is to get a good ball to hit. -Rogers Hornsby
Daniel J. Boorstin~ A best seller was a book which somehow sold well simply because it was selling well.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. -Ferdinand Foch
Evan Davis~ Nice guys finish last but we get to sleep in.
Fear not the anger of the wise to raise; Those best can fear reproof who merit praise. - Alexander Pope
Bertrand Russell~ The mind is a strange machine which can combine the materials offered to it in the most astonishing ways.
He who limps is still walking. -Stanislaw J. Lec
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. -Zig Ziglar
Grace Spear~ The more we give of anything the more we shall get back.
Solomon Short~ The only winner in the War of was Tchaikovsky
Robert Frost~ Theres nothing Im afraid of like scared people.
Virginia~ One of the signs of passing youth is the birth of a sense of fellowship with other human beings as we take our place among them.
Nelson Boswell~ The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that we can succeed.
When you aim for perfection you discover it is a moving target.
Yogi Berra~ This is like deja vu all over again.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident. -Charles Lamb
What I like in a good author isn't what he says, but what he whispers. -Logan Pearsall Smith
Susan Ertz~ Millions long for immortality who dont know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Given a big enough why people can bear almost any how. -Friedrich Neitzche
Solomon Short~ Im all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Lets start with typewriters.
Mishaps are like knives, that either serve us or cut us, as we grasp them by the blade or by the handle. - James Russell Lowell
Knowledge is of two kinds: we know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it. (Samuel Johnson)
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Every sweet has its sour every evil its good.
Lord Falkland~ When it is not necessary to make a decision it is necessary not to make a decision.
Any car will last a lifetime - if you are careless enough.
A penny saved is a penny earned. -Benjamin Franklin
Meg Cabot~ In order for people to be happy sometimes they have to take risks. Its true these risks can put them in danger of being hurt.
Jerry Coleman~ He can be lethal death.
T. S. Eliot~ Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge Where is the knowledge we have lost in information
It's simply a matter of doing what you do best and not worrying about what the other fellow is going to do. - John R. Amos
Socrates~ Having the fewest wants I am nearest to the gods.
Billy Joel~ Its okay if you mess up. You should give yourself a break.
Henry Ford~ Whether you think that you can or that you cant you are usually right.
Bhagavad Gita~ Action is the product of the Qualities inherent in Nature.
Robert A. Heinlein~ Progress isnt made by early risers. Its made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something.
Give the world the best that you have, and the best will come back to you. -Madeline Bridges
Anthelme Brillat-Savarin~ Tell me what you eat and I will tell you what you are.
Godfather The~ Michael Ill make him an offer he cant refuse.
Gerald R. Ford~ My fellow Americans our long national nightmare is over. (On succeeding Richard M Nixon as president)
A. J. Liebling~ I take a grave view of the press. It is the weak slat under the bed of democracy.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Religion is the fashionable substitute for belief.
Raynor Schein~ Tears are the rinse water of an unhappy heart.
Abraham Lincoln~ Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Edna St. Vincent Millay~ Its not true that life is one damn thing after another it is one damn thing over and over.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Rarely have so many people been so wrong about so much.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Daniel Patrick Moynihan~ The single most exciting thing you encounter in government is competence because its so rare.
Democritus~ Our sins are more easily remembered than our good deeds.
Fairy Tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Voltaire~ All sects are different because they come from men morality is everywhere the same because it comes from God.
Groucho Marx~ She got her looks from her father. Hes a plastic surgeon.
I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday. -Abraham Lincoln
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need of hell.
Margaret Cho~ Love is the big booming beat which covers up the noise of hate.
John Beecher~ Strength is a matter of the made-up mind.
Abraham Lincoln~ With the catching end the pleasures of the chase.
Mommy! The cursor's winking at me!
Indira Nehru Gandhi~ People with clenched fists can not shake hands.
Charles De Gaulle~ For glory gives herself only to those who have always dreamed of her.
Success is not permanent. The same is also true of failure. -Dell Crossword
I was angry with my friend: I told my wrath, my wrath die end. I was angry with my foe; I told it not, my wrath did grow. - William Blake
Paxton Blair~ Marriage means expectations and expectations mean conflict.
Sir William Bragg~ The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them.
Everybody has a photographic memory. . . . Some don't have film.
Jonathan Winters~ If your ship doesnt come in swim out to it
We see things not as they are, but as we are.
J. W. Eagan~ Never judge a book by its movie.
Harry Millner~ All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ There are two levers for moving men interest and fear.
Robert Burton~ A dwarf standing on the shoulders of a giant may see farther than a giant himself.
Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real. -Jules Verne
Benjamin Franklin~ Lost time is never found again.
A budget is something we go without to stay within.
Marchioness Townsend~ Never tell a man you can read him through and through most people prefer to be thought enigmas.
Tennessee Williams~ Security is a kind of death.
If you don't fail now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe. -Woody Allen
Alexander Pope~ Fools admire but men of sense approve.
Vince Lombardi~ If winning isnt everything why do they keep score
Anthony Starr~ Sport is imposing order on what was chaos.
Mary Kay Ash~ A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one.
J. W. Fulbright~ The citizen who criticizes his country is paying it an implied tribute.
Arab Proverb~ Examine what is said not him who speaks.
Henry David Thoreau~ The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
Willie Nelson~ Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones youll start having positive results.
Those who are at war with others are seldom at peace with themselves.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others. -Wayne Dyer
Rachel Blanchard~ Winston Churchill was not entirely British. His mother was American making Sir Winston part Iroquois Indian.
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one. -Cavett Robert
Rita Mae Brown~ Good judgment comes from experience and often experience comes from bad judgment.
Lord Billingsley~ By the time Id grown up I naturally supposed that Id be grown up.
A man never stands as tall as when he kneels to help a child. -The Knights of Pythagoras
Alexander Hamilton~ A national debt if it is not excessive will be to us a national blessing.
Watch out for emergencies. They are your big chance. -Fritz Reiner
Kahlil Gibran~ No lower can a man descend than to interpret his dreams into gold and silver.
It is not how much we do, but how much love we put into doing it. It is not how much we give, but how much love we put into giving.
The mind can only stand what the butt can endure.
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. -Leo Aikman
Samuel Butler~ A hen is only an eggs way of making another egg.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Laws do not persuade just because they threaten.
Dennis Roch~ If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind give it more thought.
One problem with gazing too frequently into the past is that we may turn around to find the future has run out on us. -Michael Cibenko
Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it. - Francis Bacon
Pliny the Elder~ The best plan is to profit by the folly of others.
Paul Aubuchon~ He who fails to question is asking for trouble.
Let your hook always be cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be a fish. -Ovid
Learn to say no. It will be of more use to you than to be able to read Latin. (Charles Haddon Spurgeon)
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten. (Garborg)
P Barnum~ Advertising is like learning - a little is a dangerous thing.
Kenneth Branaugh~ Adults are just children who earn money.
Marshall Ganz~ Young people have an almost biological destiny to be hopeful.
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life. -Dr. James G. Bilkey
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
Mignon McLaughlin~ Most of us become parents long before we have stopped being children.
bell hooks~ Life-transforming ideas have always come to me through books.
If you will always insist that you are right, people will think that there is something wrong with you. (Melchor F. Cichon)
Men are like steel: when they lose their temper, they lose their worth. -Chuck Norris. - Chuck Norris
Hippocrates~ Many admire few know.
Satchel Paige~ Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate dont move.
Ovid~ If you would marry suitably marry your equal.
Unknown~ If you listen you will hear If you look you will see If you touch you will feel If you try you will be.
Henry Miller~ If there is to be any peace it will come through being not having.
Abraham Lincoln~ Whatever you are be a good one.
Robertson Davies~ Few people can see genius in someone who has offended them.
Alfonso the Wise~ Had I been present at the creation I would have given some useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
Mary Wortley Montagu~ It has all been very interesting.
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction. -Anne Frank
Albert Einstein~ The true measure of a man is the degree to which he has managed to subjugate his ego.
Ramsay Clark~ Turbulence is life force. It is opportunity. Lets love turbulence and use it for change.
Emily Saliers~ You have to laugh at yourself because youd cry your eyes out if you didnt.
E. B. White~ The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.
Theodore Roosevelt~ To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society.
We can be knowledgeable with other men's knowledge but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom. -Michel Eyquem
Doug Gwyn~ Truth is not determined by majority vote.
Lord, may others treat me tomorrow as I have treated them today.
You options are limited only by your fears. -Unknown Author
Anon.~ Old hackers never die. They just go to bitnet.
Philosophy can not be attained from text on a page... it comes from with the soul. (Russ Kolibas)
William James~ An act has no ethical quality whatever unless it be chosen out of several all equally possible.
Aristophanes~ Shall I crack any of those old jokes master At which the audience never fail to laugh
Saint Francis of Assisi~ Preach the gospel at all times - If necessary use words.
Every production of genius must be the production of enthusiasm. -Benjamin Disraeli
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life. -Billy Graham
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ No culture can live if it attempts to be exclusive.
We love because it's the only true adventure. - William Gladstone
Josh Billings~ The man whose only pleasure in life is making money weighs less on the moral scale than an angleworm.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
Steffen Francisco~ If you feel yourself falling let go and glide.
The roots of true achievement lie in the will to become the best that you can become. -Harold Taylor
You are educated when you have the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or self-confidence. -Robert Frost
Francis Bacon~ I have taken all knowledge to by my province.
Enrico Fermi~ It is no good to try to stop knowledge from going forward. Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. -St. Ambrose
Jerry Seinfeld~ Its amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Unknown~ The tongue weighs practically nothing But so few people can hold it.
George Bernard Shaw~ I want to be thoroughly used up when I die for the harder I work the more I live. I rejoice in life for its own sake.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Jack Nicklaus~ Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising ones levels of aspiration and expectation.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
Michael Talbot~ The most beautiful thing to experience is the mysterious. It is the true source of life art and science.
Michael Cibenko~ One problem with gazing too frequently into the past is that we may turn around to find the future has run out on us.
William Penn~ No pain no palm no thorns no throne no gall no glory no glory no cross no crown.
Harry S Truman~ Whenever you have an efficient government you have a dictatorship.
That which was hard to endure is sweet to remember.
Every crown is made for a head, but every head is not made for a crown.
Yogi Berra~ Baseball is mental the other half is physical.
Anon.~ Enjoy life. Theres plenty of time to be dead.
Henry Ford~ History is more or less bunk.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self. -Napoleon Hill
It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds. -Aesop
Cicero~ There is no duty more obligatory than the repayment of kindness.
Gerald R. Ford~ It can go on and on or someone must write The End to it. I have concluded that only I can do that. And if I can I must.
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor. -Hubert Humhrey
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
Alan Kay~ The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Hosea Ballou~ Weary the path that does not challenge. Doubt is an incentive to truth and patient inquiry leadeth the way.
Computer and car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying.
Josh Billings~ We hate those who will not take our advice and despise them who do.
Am I indecisive? ... Can I get back to you on that?
Gloria Steinem~ Evil is obvious only in retrospect.
William Wister Haines~ Dont be afraid to ask dumb questions. Theyre more easily handled than dumb mistakes.
Benjamin Disraeli~ My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Kites rise highest against the wind - -not with it.
For all your days prepare, And meet them ever alike: When you are the anvil, bear-When you are the hammer, strike. -Edwin Markham
No matter what happens Today. You must remember that...Today will be Tomorrow's past, and Tomorrow will be Today. (Patty Satjapot)
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path. -Buddhist saying
Remember, no human condition is ever permanent. Then you will not be overjoyed in good fortune nor too scornful in misfortune. -Socrates
Jerry Coleman~ Ozzie Smith just made a play that I have never seen before. And hes done it more times than anyone else.
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends. -Thomas Fuller
Friends are chocolate chips in the cookie of life!
Stephen Butler Leacock~ I am a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Sophocles~ Death is not the worst thing rather when one who craves death cannot attain even that wish.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
David Bissonette~ But of all plagues good Heaven thy wrath can send Save me oh save me from the candid friend.
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows. -George Eliot
If I had my life to live over I would have talked less and listened more. (Erma Bombeck)
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
Richard Harris~ Probably the most distinctive characteristic of the successful politician is selective cowardice.
Rodin~ Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Melvin Fitting~ Of course I believe that solipsism is the correct philosophy but thats only one mans opinion.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind. -Jonannes Brahms
I think I've found the trouble with our economy. There are far more ways to get into debt, than there are to get out of it.
When written in Chinese, the word "crisis" is composed of two characters. One represents danger, and the other represents opportunity.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ Before we blame we should first see if we cant excuse.
Proverbs a Bible~ My son give me thine heart...
The programmer's national anthem is 'AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH'.
Life is full of surprises. Just say "never" and you'll see.
It's not enough to be busy, so are the ants. The question is, what are we busy about? -Henry David Thoreau
J Danforth Quayle~ People that are really weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
Marcus Aurelius~ Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
Phaedrus~ The mind ought sometimes to be diverted that it may return the better to thinking.
William Wordsworth~ The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a persons life.
Those we hurt the most are often those we love the most.
Don't set compensation as a goal. Find work you like, and the compensation will follow. -Harding Lawrence
Anon.~ Silence is one great art of conversation.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ If you cant do what you want do what you can.
Pliny~ Hope is the pillar that holds up the world. Hope is the dream of a waking man.
Doug McLeod~ I still say a church steeple with a lightening rod on top shows a lack of confidence.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ The price of greatness is responsibility.
A poor person isn't he who has little, but he who needs a lot. (German proverb)
To teach is to create a space in which obedience to truth is practiced. -Abba Felix
Herbert Agar~ The truth that makes men free is for the most part the truth which men prefer not to hear.
Orison Swett Marden~ A will finds a way.
Matthew Prior~ Be to her virtues very kind. Be to her faults a little blind.
No one is entitled to the truth. - E. Howard Hunt
Louis Blanc~ From each according to his abilities to each according to his needs.
Sextus Propertius~ Let no one be willing to speak ill of the absent.
Peter De Vries~ Nostalgia isnt what it used to be.
If someone is too tired to give you a smile, leave one of your own, because no one needs a smile as much as those who have none to give.
Alfred E. Newman~ Crime does not pay ... as well as politics.
George Arnold~ The living need charity more than the dead.
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
Henry C. Blinn~ Mistakes live in the neighbourhood of truth and therefore delude us.
Nay, if he take you in hand, sir, with an argument, He'll bray you in a mortar. - Ben Jonson
Adam R. Gwizdala~ If you go with the flow youll eventually end up over the waterfall.
Confucius~ Mens natures are alike it is their habits that carry them far apart.
Bobcat Goldthwaite~ Americas one of the finest countries anyone ever stole.
Clarence Darrow~ I have never killed a man but I have read many obituaries with a lot of pleasure.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Many go out for wool and come home shorn themselves.
Robert J. Ringer~ Reality isnt the way you wish things to be nor the way they appear to be but the way they actually are.
Johann von Goethe~ I never believed in trying to do anything. Whatever I set out to do I found I had already accomplished.
Mark Twain~ A human being has a natural desire to have more of a good thing than he needs.
Benjamin Disraeli~ I never deny I never contradict. I sometimes forget.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
Henry David Thoreau~ To affect the quality of the day that is the art of life.
Michel de Montaigne~ Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
Leadership is the challenge to be something more than average. -Jim Rohn
Jennifer Tyler~ Listen to your heart because in the end it is your heart that matters.
A lot of kneeling will keep you in good standing.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Character in great and little things means carrying through what you feel able to do.
Olin Miller~ You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
Larry Wall~ Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.
Oprah Winfrey~ You are built not to shrink down to less but to blossom into more.
Christina Georgina Rossetti~ Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Children are all foreigners.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Vivere est cogitare. (To think is to live)
Love is the same as like except you feel sexier. - John Wesley
One does not see anything until one sees its beauty. -Oscar Wilde
Aeschylus~ Honour thy father and thy mother stands written among the three laws of most revered righteousness.
Cynthia Ozick~ To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Spider-Man~ Green Goblin The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the water spout. Down came the Goblin and took the spider out.
Thomas Alva Edison~ There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him. -James Allen
Mao Zedong~ Swollen in head weak in legs sharp in tongue but empty in belly. (On intellectuals)
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. -George Van Valkenburg
Billy~ If Rosa Parks had taken a poll before she sat down in the bus in Montgomery shed still be standing.
Whatever separates you from the Truth, throw it away, it will vanish anyhow.-. - Yumus Emre
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
If you ever need a helping hand, there is one at the end of your arm.
Gian Vincenzo Gravina~ A bore is a man who deprives you of solitude without providing you with company.
Do not repeat anything you will not sign your name to. -Unknown Author
Latin Proverb~ Do not lengthen the quarrel while there is an opportunity of escaping.
Any man who laughs at women's clothes has never paid the bill for them.
A peaceful mind generates power. -Norman Vincent Peale
Some people attend church three times in their lives: when they're hatched, when they're matched, and when they're dispatched.
Bones; there are 206 in the human body. No need for dismay, however: two bones of the middle ear have never been broken in a skiing accident.
I lost twenty pounds. Unfortunately, I was in England at the time.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ One does not adopt a new idea one slips into it.
Eric Hoffer~ You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
Elbert Hubbard~ Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber.
Ignas Bernstein~ Three things you can be judged by your voice your face and your disposition.
Leo Tolstoy~ And all people live Not by reason of any care they have for themselves But by the love for them that is in other people.
Jacob Chanowski~ No science is immune to the infection of politics and the corruption of power.
David G. Farragut~ Damn the torpedoes Full speed ahead
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Thought is the seed of action.
Ian Hay~ Funny-peculiar or funny-ha-ha
A human being's first responsibility is to shake hands with himself. -Henry Winkler
Oscar Wilde~ Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
William E. Brock~ Its an insane tragedy that people get a diploma each year and cant read the damned diploma.
Remember, don't put it off... Go ahead and do it...If you get to it...And don't do it...You may never get to it..To do it...
Sanaya Roman~ When you are feeling depreciated angry and drained it is a sign that other people are not open to your energy.
Ulysses~ It is as painful perhaps to be awakened from a vision as to be born.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
It is good to have an end to journey toward, but it is the journey that matters in the end. - Ursula K. Leguin
Richard Milhous Nixon~ The antiwar movement is a wild orgasm of anarchists sweeping across the country like a prairie fire.
George Carlin~ As a matter of principle I never attend the first annual anything.
Geof Greenleaf~ A man is measured by the size of things that anger him.
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.
James Russell Lowell~ Wealth may be an ancient thing for it means power it means leisure it means liberty.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Marie Curie
Perfection is our goal, excellence will be tolerated. -J. Yahl
Stewardesses is the longest word that can be typed with only the left hand.
Don't ever slam a door- you may want to go back.
It is better to be boldly decisive and risk being wrong than to agonize at length and be right too late. -Marilyn Moats Kennedy
Harriet~ The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
Robert Graves~ The remarkable thing about Shakespeare is that he really is very good in spite of all the people who say he is very good.
No matter how far you walk, how hard you work, or how bad it hurts, you'll always get to where you need to be. -Unknown Author
Heinrich Heine~ There are more fools in the world than there are people.
Education, n. One of the few things a fellow is willing to pay for and not get. -Leonard L. Levinson
French Proverb~ When we cannot get what we love we must love what is within our reach.
David Guterson~ To persevere is always a reflection of the state of ones inner life ones philosophy and ones perspective.
G. C. Lichtenberg~ I am always grieved when a man of real talent dies for the world needs such men more than heaven does.
I take nothing for granted. I now have only good days, or great days. -Lance Armstrong
Scipione Alberti~ Secret thoughts and open countenance will go safely over the whole world.
Warren Bennis~ Leaders keep their eyes on the horizon not just on the bottom line.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self-respect.
Edgar Bergen~ Hard work never killed anybody but why take a chance
Martha Graham~ Dance is the hidden language of the soul.
Helen Steiner Rice~ Love changes darkness into light and makes the heart take a wingless flight.
English Proverb~ First deserve and then desire.
Terence~ Moderation in all things.
Charles Monroe Schultz~ No problem is so formidable that you cant walk away from it.
Sydney Smith~ A great deal of talent is lost to the world for the want of a little courage.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time. -Charles F. Kettering
A twofold national problem is how to preserve the wilderness in the country and get rid of the jungle in the cities.
Lee Iacocca~ A true friend is the greatest of all blessings and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
Diane Ackerman~ There are well-dressed foolish ideas just as there are well-dressed fools.
Marcel Proust~ We must never be afraid to go too far for success lies just beyond.
Voltaire~ Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
Abuse a man unjustly, and you will make friends for him. - Edgar Watson Howe
Be still when you have nothing to say. When genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot. -D. H. Lawrence
Michael Corleone~ Never hate your enemies it affects you judgment.
Gray skies are just clouds passing over. - Duke Ellington
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. -Jonathon Swift
George Jessel~ The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
Thomas Carlyle~ Talk that does not end in any kind of action is better suppressed altogether.
I am definitely going to take a course on time management... just as soon as I can work it into my schedule. -Louis E. Boone
Moses Ben Maimon Maimonides~ Teach thy tongue to say I do not know and thou shalt progress.
Democritus~ Tis hard to fight with anger but the prudent man keeps it under control.
Eric Gibson~ Anonymity is the truest expression of altruism.
Mark Duffy~ In Louisiana we dont bet on football games ... We bet on whether a politician is going to be indicted or not.
It is not what's right about war, it's about what's left.
George Orwell~ To see what is in front of ones nose needs a constant struggle.
Thomas a Kempis~ Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Thomas Carlyle~ One life - a little gleam of Time between two Eternities.
Ronald Reagan~ We know that this mad dog of the Middle East has a goal of a world revolution. (On Muammar Qaddafi of Libya)
Aesop~ It is easier to get into the enemys toils than out again.
Heraclitus~ You could not step twice into the same river for other waters are ever flowing on to you.
Listening and hearing are two different senses.
I bring to my life a certain amount of mess. - Francis Ford Coppola
Love , if you have it , you don't need anything else...and if you don't have it , it harldy matters what else you have . - Bhalchandra
Greek Proverb~ Observe your enemies for they first find your faults.
Jim Whitaker~ You never conquer a mountain. Mountains cant be conquered you conquer yourself - your hopes your fears.
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back in your pocket.
Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart. -Henry Ward Beecher
Trying is a part of failing. If you are afraid to fail then you're afraid to try. -Mrs. Cunningham
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
Plato~ The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Patience is how you act while you're waiting. (Joyce Meyer)
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination. -Carl Rogers
William Gibson~ The Net is a waste of time and thats exactly whats right about it.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ In the choice between changing ones mind and proving theres no need to do so most people get busy on the proof.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last.
Henry Miller~ I have no money no resources no hopes. I am the happiest man alive.
You can't stay in your corner of the forest, waiting for others to come to you; you have to go to them sometimes. -Winnie the Pooh
John Andrew Holmes~ Yes we love peace but we are not willing to take wounds for it as we are for war.
What would be the use of immortality to a person who cannot use well a half an hour. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
William Shakespeare~ O woe is me To have seen what I have seen see what I see
The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts. -Charles Robert Darwin
If you want to achieve a high goal, you're going to have to take some chances. -Alberto Salazar
Fred Allen~ Hollywood is a place where people from Iowa mistake each other for stars.
Benjamin H. Brewster~ A lawyer starts life giving worth of law for and ends giving worth for .
A. L. Prusick~ It may be that we have all lived before and died and this is hell.
Midori Koto~ Honor isnt about making the right choices. Its about dealing with the consequences.
Albert Einstein~ It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Baruch Spinoza~ Peace is not an absence of war it is a virtue a state of mind a disposition for benevolence confidence justice.
Waynes World~ Wayne All I have to say about that is asphinctersayswhat. Arcade owner What Wayne Exactly.
A dancer goes quick on her beautiful legs; a duck goes quack on her beautiful eggs.
One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninety-nine who have only interest. -John Stewart Mill
Love, like paint, can make things beautiful when you spread it, but it simply dries up when you don't use it.
US Marine Proverb~ It is always easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
Enthusiasm is a vital element toward the individual success of every man or woman. -Conrad Hilton
Kilgore Trout~ The universe is a big place perhaps the biggest.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Keep your fears to yourself but share your courage with others.
There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations. - Antoine De Saint-exupéry
Richard Moss M.D.~ The greatest gift you can give another is the purity of your attention.
Peter De Vries~ The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums.
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world. -Wayne Dyer
Aesop~ Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
It's not the will to win, but the will to prepare to win that makes the difference. -Coach Bear Bryant
Jim Povec~ The web eliminates all hiding places.
Anon.~ The world will end in minutes. Please log out...
Arthur John Gossip~ God is like the sun at high noon always giving all he has.
Mickey Friedman~ Never give a party if you will be the most interesting person there.
Dizzy Dean~ It aint braggin if you can back it up.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ What government is the best That which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Best file compression around: "DEL *.*" = 100% compression
George Washington Allston~ The only competition worthy of a wise man is with himself.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ If it is not seemly do it not if it is not true speak it not.
Heini Arnold~ As long as we think we can save ourselves by our own will power we will only make the evil in us stronger than ever.
Daphne du Maurier~ Writers should be read but neither seen nor heard.
Octavio Paz~ Art is an invention of aesthetics which in turn is an invention of philosophers. What we call art is a game.
Jean Cocteau~ We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we dont like
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
Arab Proverb~ Blessed is he who speaks a kindness thrice blessed is he who repeats it.
Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success. -Michael Eisner
Edith Sitwell~ My personal hobbies are reading listening to music and silence.
Isak Dinesen~ Love wont be tampered with love wont go away. Push it to one side and it creeps to the other.
champions know there are no shortcuts to the top. They climb the mountain one step at a time. they have no use for helicopters! -Judi Adler
Chuck Norris~ Men are like steel. When they lose their temper they lose their worth.
Tommy Lasorda~ The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in determination.
Plutarch~ The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.
Stanislaw Lec~ The first condition of immortality is death.
Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf. (American Indian Proverb)
A friend is someone who thinks you're a good egg even though you're slightly cracked.
Scottish Proverb~ Confessed faults are half mended.
Mark Twain~ Dont part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist but you have ceased to live.
Ancient Proverb~ Friendship is love with understanding.
Robert Frost~ The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.
Aristotle~ It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.
Roald Dahl~ A little nonsense now and then is cherished by the wisest men.
Romanian Proverb~ Under a ragged coat lies wisdom.
Character is made by what you stand for; reputation by what you fall for. -Robert Quillen
Philip K. Dick~ Reality is that which when you stop believing in it doesnt go away.
Happiness is a journey...not a destination. -Ben Sweetland
I am a computer, dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.
Charles M. Schulz~ I have a new philosophy. Im only going to dread one day at a time.
Never cut what you can untie. -Joseph Joubert
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh~ Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee and just as hard to sleep after.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinions at all.
Thomas Carlyle~ I do not believe in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
Barbara Burrow~ A friend is somebody you want to be around when you feel like being by yourself.
Abraham Lincoln~ I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.
Afranius~ The wise man will love all others will desire.
P. Dan Wiwchar~ Your brain can only absorb what your ass can endure.
Fix your eyes on perfection and you make almost everything speed towards it. -William Ellery Channing
Maturity is the capacity to endure uncertainty. -John Huston Finley
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ To which the fountain sends forth returns again to the fountain.
C. G. Jung~ We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate it oppresses.
Success comes in cans, not can't s.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
John Milton~ None can love freedom heartily but good men the rest love not freedom but license.
Albert Camus~ An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
Albert Einstein~ We cannot dispair of humanity since we are ourselves human beings.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. -Henry David Thoreau
Johann Georg von Zimmermann~ Be not so bigoted to any custom as to worship it at the expense of truth.
Scarface~ Tony Montana Say hello to my little friend
We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities. -Pogo
Henry Winkler~ Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
James D. Bryden~ Love does not die easily. It is a living thing. It thrives in the face of all of lifes hazards save one - neglect.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. - Elbert Hubbard
A man's got to know his limitations. -Harry Callahan
Samuel Beckett~ Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
Noel Coward~ I love criticism just so long as its unqualified praise.
Ursula K. LeGuin~ When action grows unprofitable gather information when information grows unprofitable sleep.
Success hinges on a passion for excellence. (John F. Kennedy)
African Proverb~ Indecision is like a stepchild if he does not wash his hands he is called dirty if he does he is wasting water.
Aldous Huxley~ Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power.
George Frost Kennan~ One sometimes feels a guest of ones time and not a member of its household.
Leo J. Burke~ People who say they sleep like a baby usually dont have one.
Pythagoras~ In anger we should refrain both from speech and action.
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
James A. Garfield~ A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck.
Jesse Louis Jackson~ Weve removed the ceiling above our dreams. There are no more impossible dreams.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.
Henry Morgan~ A kleptomaniac is a person who helps himself because he cant help himself.
Dudley Field Malone~ I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me.
Ronald Reagan~ This administration is totally colorblind.
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections and the truth of imagination. -John Keats
Genius is eternal patience. -Michelangelo
Herbert Clark Hoover~ Im the only person of distinction whos ever had a depression named for him.
Robert E. Kahn~ New capabilities emerge just by virtue of having smart people with access to state-of-the-art technology.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Taxes are the price we pay for civilization.
Mahatma Gandhi~ Where there is love there is life.
If weak in prayer we are weak everywhere. (Leonard Ravenhill)
Horace~ He who postpones the hour of living rightly is like the rustic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses.
Marcus Valerius Martialis~ A man who lives everywhere lives nowhere.
H. Jackson Browne~ Dont be afraid to go out on a limb. Thats where the fruit is.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ For everything you have missed you have gained something else and for everything you gain you lose something.
Pearl Sydenstricker Buck~ All things are possible until they are proved impossible-even the impossible may only be so as of now.
Marguerite de Valois~ Tears may be dried up but the heart - never.
Show me someone who has done something worthwhile, and I'll show you someone who has overcome adversity. -Lou Holtz
Don Byas~ You call it madness but I call it love.
Give every man thy ear but few thy voice. -William Shakespeare
H.L. Mencken~ It is the dull man who is always sure and the sure man who is always dull.
No man ever injured his eyesight by looking on the bright side of things.
Zig Ziglar~ Every sale has five basic obstacles no need no money no hurry no desire no trust.
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters. -Nathaniel Emmons
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Death hangs over thee While thou still live while thou may do good.
If you depend on others to make you happy, you will be endlessly disappointed.
Rev. Randall R. McBride Jr.~ Success will not lower its standard to us. We must raise our standard to success.
P. J. ORourke~ Fish is the only food that is considered spoiled once it smells like what it is.
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. -Lao Tzu
Euripides~ There is no benefit in the gifts of a bad man.
Mark Twain~ The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
Sheila Graham~ Food is the most primitive form of comfort.
You can turn dollars into cents, and sense into dollars, though not dollars into sense.
If what you're working for really matters, you'll give it all you've got. -Nido Qubein
Horace~ You have played enough you have eaten and drunk enough. Now it is time for you to depart.
Dinah Shore~ Trouble is part of your life and if you dont share it you dont give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
Thomas Carruthers~ A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary.
Error: Problem exists between keyboard and chair.
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan. -John F. Kennedy
Lawrence Peter Berra~ In theory theory and practice are the same. In practice they are not.
To give counsel as well as to take it is a feature of true friendship. (Marcus Tullius Cicero)
Friedrich Nietzsche~ There are no facts only interpretations.
Miguel de Cervantes~ You are a king by your own fireside as much as any monarch in his throne.
The difference between men and boys .... is the price of their toys.
George Peabody~ Education a debt due from present to future generations.
Roald Dahl~ We have so much time and so little to do. Strike that reverse it.
Richard Phillips Feynman~ The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
Why is it that you sit in front of your TV and behind your computer?
Stephen Jobs~ Be a yardstick of quality. Some people arent used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Thorstein Veblen~ Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
Stanislaw Lem~ Faith is at one and the same time absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. (Dr. Jonas Salk)
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -Martin Luther King
Kahlil Gibran~ Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair but manifestations of strength and resolution.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
The woods are always empty if you're a poor hunter.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.~ Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Chinese Proverb~ Never do anything standing that you can do sitting or anything sitting that you can do lying down.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of. -Pascal
Ernest Haycox~ No sensible man watches his feet hit the ground. He looks ahead to see what kind of ground theyll hit next.
Abraham Lincoln~ Force is all-conquering but its victories are short-lived.
Is there some shop where you can drop them off and pick them up later?
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. -Dan Stanford
Marquis de Sade~ One must do violence to the object of ones desire when it surrenders the pleasure is greater.
If money could talk, it would say goodbye.
Homer~ The fates have given mankind a patient soul.
Samuel Goldwyn~ Spare no expense to save money on this one.
Compassion is no substitute for justice. -Rush Limbaugh
Marquis de Vauvenargues~ To achieve great things we must live as though we were never going to die.
Thought is action in rehearsal. -Sigmund Freud
You build a successful career, regardless of your field of endeavor, by the dozens of little things you do on and off the job. -Zig Ziglar
James Thurber~ Well if I called the wrong number why did you answer the phone
A mother holds her childrens hands for a while, their hearts forever.
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end. -Abraham Lincoln
K. D. Lang~ Even in the darkest phase be it thick or thin always someone marches brave here beneath my skin.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. -Unknown Author
Clarence Darrow~ The man who fights for his fellow-man is a better man than the one who fights for himself.
You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well. -Wayne Dyer
Unknown~ A lifetime is more than sufficiently long for people to get what there is of it wrong.
Josh Sugarmann~ Handguns are a public-health problem.
Johann von Goethe~ Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.
Victor Hugo~ If a man has his throat cut in Paris its a murder. If people are murdered in the east it is a question.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. (John Barrymore 1943)
Brendan Francis~ A quotation in a speech article or book is like a rifle in the hands of an infantryman. It speaks with authority.
Dag Hammarskjld~ For all that has been thanks. For all that will be yes.
The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short. -Abraham Maslow
Henry Miller~ Every man has his own destiny the only imperative is to follow it to accept it no matter where it leads him.
Jane Hamilton~ It is books that are a key to the wide world if you cant do anything else read all that you can.
Barbara Tober~ Traditions are group efforts to keep the unexpected from happening.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi~ The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness.
Anything labeled "New" and/or "Improved" is not: the label means the price went up.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ Out of lifes school of war What does not destroy me makes me stronger.
Pyrrhus~ Another such victory over the Romans and we are undone.
Why don't they call the AM radio stations PM stations if it's after twelve noon?
Georges Jacques Danton~ I have lived tomorrow I shall sleep in glory.
Lord Acton~ Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Don't try to force chemistry between two people or else it may just blow up at you. - Unknown
Woody Allen~ Eighty percent of success is showing up.
John Ciardi~ A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
Columbia Record~ All that Communism needs to make it successful is someone to feed and clothe it.
The purely agitation attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject. - Jawaharlal Nehru
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered you will never grow.
Mark Twain~ The man who is a pessimist before knows too much if he is an optimist after it he knows too little.
Hoshang N. Akhtar~ Marriage is more than four bare legs in a bed.
Alexander Pope~ A man should never be ashamed to own he has been wrong which is but saying that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.
Frank A. Clark~ We find comfort among those who agree with us - growth among those who dont.
When your work speaks for itself, get out of the way. -Thomas 'wayne' Brazell
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character. -Aristotle
William Shakespeare~ Leave her to heaven And to those thorns that in her bosom lodge To prick and sting her.
James Clarke~ A politician thinks of the next election a statesman of the next generation.
Euripides~ Time cancels young pain.
Some people complain because the roses have thorns. Others give thanks because the thorns have roses.
Henry David Thoreau~ All perception of truth is the detection of an analogy we reason from our hands to our head.
It is better to sleep on what you intend doing than to stay awake over what you've done.
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind. -Eric Hoffer
Moses Hadas~ Thank you for sending me a copy of your book. Ill waste no time reading it.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Kahlil Gibran~ Generosity is not giving me that which I need more than you do but it is giving me that which you need more than I do.
Barry LePatner~ Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.
Abraham Lincoln~ My father taught me to work he did not teach me to love it.
William Shakespeare~ This England never did nor never shall Lie at the proud foot of a conqueror.
In necessary things, unity; in doubtful things, liberty; in all things, charity. - Anne Baxter
Aristotle~ The only stable state is the one in which all men are equal before the law.
Leo C. Rosten~ If you are going to do something wrong at least enjoy it.
John Hay~ True luck consists not in holding the best of the cards at the table luckiest is he who knows just when to rise and go home.
Karen Elizabeth Gordon~ All phone calls are obscene.
Individual glory is insignificant when compared to achieving victory as a team. -Dot Richardson
The greatest meliorator of the world is selfish, huckstering trade. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Niccolo Machiavelli~ No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ The time to reapir the roof is when the sun is shining.
Happiness or unhappiness is often a matter of choice. -Unknown Author
Francis Hutcheson~ That action is best which procures the greatest happiness.
Let us not say, every man is the architect of his own fortune; but let us say, every man is the architect of his own character. - George D. Boardman
The sower may mistake and sow his peas crookedly; the peas make no mistake, but come up and show his line. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Oprah Winfrey~ Every one of us gets through the tough times because somebody is there standing in the gap to close it for us.
Bertolt Brecht~ War is like love it always finds a way.
Sinclair Lewis~ People will buy anything that is one to a customer.
One of the true tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. - Arnold H. Glasow
To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me.
A person of intellect without energy added to it, is a failure. -Sebastien-Roch Nicolas De Chamfort
What I do best is share my enthusiasm. -Bill Gates
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute.
Unknown~ If you dont find it in the index look very carefully through the entire catalogue.
King Soloman~ Comfort me with apples for I am sick of love.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ If you make it plain you like people its hard for them to resist liking you back.
Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey~ Time is a cruel thief to rob us of our former selves. We lose as much to life as we do to death.
Peter De Vries~ It is the final proof of Gods omnipotence that he need not exist in order to save us.
Roberto Benigni~ Its a sign of mediocrity when you demonstrate gratitude with moderation.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Death gives us sleep, eternal youth, and immortality. -Jean Paul Richter
Samuel Butler~ You can do very little with faith but you can do nothing without it.
Margaret Fuller~ It is astonishing what force purity and wisdom it requires for a human being to keep clear of falsehoods.
You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. -David Harold Fink
Those who admire the freedom of birds have never built a nest.
Thomas a Kempis~ Remember that lost time does not return.
Paul Engle~ Wisdom is knowing when you cant be wise.
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits, or they'll eventually conquer you. -Rob Gilbert
Steve Martin~ I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.
William Shakespeare~ The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
Rudyard Kipling~ All we have of freedom - all we use or know - This our fathers bought for us long and long ago.
Redd Foxx~ Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
If a vegetarian is someone who eats vegetables, what does that make a humanitarian?
The funny thing about common sense, it ain't all that common.
Miguel de Cervantes~ A closed mouth catches no flies.
Jean Kerr~ The average healthy well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ Words like nature half reveal and half conceal the soul within.
Fran Lebowitz~ Success didnt spoil me Ive always been insufferable.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Richard Needham~ When money is seen as a solution for every problem money itself becomes the problem.
Charles Kuralt~ Thanks to the Interstate Highway System it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything.
You are the music while the music lasts. -T S Elliot
Ralph Kiner~ Hello everybody. Welcome to Kiners Corner. This is....uh. Im...uhRalph Kiner
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. -John F. Kennedy
Jules Renard~ Be modest It is the kind of pride least likely to offend.
Giovanni Ruffini~ The teacher is like the candle which lights others in consuming itself.
William Shakespeare~ Every man has business and desire Such as it is.
George Gordon Byron~ Tis pleasant sure to see ones name in print. A books a book although theres nothing in t.
Chuang-tzu~ Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
George Bernard Shaw~ When a thing is funny search it carefully for a hidden truth.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ What we call results are beginnings.
George Bernard Shaw~ We dont stop playing because we grow old we grow old because we stop playing.
William Shakespeare~ But for my own part it was Greek to me.
A fair face may fade, but a beautiful soul last forever.
Today is a smooth white seashell, hold it close and listen to the beauty of the hours. -Unknown Author
May your life be long and useful like a roll of toilet paper.
Robin Williams~ The Russians love Brooke Shield because her eyebrows remind them of Leonid Brezhnev.
Barbara Bush~ One thing I can say about George...he may not be able to keep a job but hes not boring.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans. -John Lennon
Joseph Hall~ A reputation once broken may possibly be repaired but the world will always keep their eyes on the spot where the crack was.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Time heals what reason cannot.
Fran Lebowitz~ Ask your child what he wants for dinner only if hes buying.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I dont think Im ever more aware than I am right after I hit my thumb with a hammer.
Benjamin Disraeli~ No government can be long secure without formidable opposition.
German proverb~ The eyes believe themselves the ears believe other people.
People have been known to achieve more as a result of working with others than against them. -Dr. Allan Fromme
Eric Pio~ I am a poet. I lock myself in my room with a type writer so I can talk in terms of the world that has put me here.
Elbert Hubbard~ If you suffer thank God It is a sure sign that you are alive.
You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem. -Robert Schuller
To make one good action succeed another, is the perfection of goodness. - Ali Ibn-abi-talib
Will Rogers~ We cant all be heroes because somebody has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by.
If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilisation.
John D. Hofbrauer Jr.~ Celebrations are the juice of life.
William Shakespeare~ The trust I have is in mine innocence and therefore am I bold and resolute.
Daniel Considine~ To get the best out of a man go to what is best in him.
Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was. -Dag Hammarskjold
You have to expect things of yourselves before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
I'm old enough to know better but I'm still to young to care.
Happy Rhodes~ Allow me someday to touch you.The way that youve all touched me.
William Shakespeare~ Romeo Romeo wherefore art thou Romeo Deny thy father and refuse thy name...
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I think in one of my previous lives I was a mighty king because I like people to do what I say.
Jerry Coleman~ Its a basehit on the error by Roberts.
William Penn~ To do evil that good may come of it is for bunglers in politics as well as morals.
If all the world is a stage, where is the audience sitting?
When a man points a finger at someone else, he should remember that four of his fingers are pointing at himself. -Louis Nizer
Plato~ Attention to health is lifes greatest hindrance.
Jerry Coleman~ The Padres after winning the first game of the doubleheader are ahead here in the top of the fifth and hoping for a split.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. -Julie Andrews
A fall will always make a wise man wiser. (ancient Chinese)
Saint Augustine~ I was in love with loving.
R. W. Plagge~ Money mad. My wife says I spend money like a drunken sailor. Wonder what shed say if I spent it like a sober congressman
A life with love will have some thorns, but a life without love will have no roses.
It is not your aptitude, but your attitude, that determines your altitude. -Zig Ziglar
Benjamin Disraeli~ Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.
Saki~ Hes simply got the instinct for being unhappy highly developed.
Jeanne Moreau~ Age does not protect you from love. But love to some extent protects you from age.
Marya Mannes~ The sign of an intelligent people is their ability to control emotions by the application of reason.
Duffy Daugherty~ Football isnt a contact sport its a collision sport. Dancing is a contact sport.
Seneca~ Life without the courage for death is slavery.
Bible~ Do not envy a sinner you dont know what disaster awaits him.
George Sarton~ There are but few saints amongst scientists as among other men but truth itself is a goal comparable with sanctity.
Let perseverance be your engine and hope your fuel. (H. Jackson Brown Jr.)
Anthony Burgess~ Women thrive on novelty and are easy meat for the commerce of fashion. Men prefer old pipes and torn jackets.
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art. - Mae West
Peter McArthur~ Some people have so much respect for their superiors they have none left for themselves.
Epicurus~ In a philosophical dispute he gains most who is defeated since he learns most.
Romanian Proverb~ One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down.
Percy Bysshe Shelley~ History is a cyclic poem written by Time upon the memories of man.
Samuel Johnson~ Be not too hasty to trust or admire the teachers of morality they discourse like angels but they live like men.
Joe Paterno~ Besides pride loyalty discipline heart and mind confidence is the key to all the locks.
Ninon de Lenclos~ The joy of a spirit is the measure of its power.
It is better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for what you're not!
Hugh McColl Jr.~ Without question reading has been the foundation of whatever success Ive had in my life.
A good way to change somebody's attitude is to change your own.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. - Mark Twain
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key.
Benjamin Disraeli~ It is well-known what a middleman is he is a man who bamboozles one party and plunders the other.
Douglas MacArthur~ We are not retreating - we are advancing in another Direction.
Is it OK to use the AM radio after noon?
James Thurber~ He knows all about art but he doesnt know what he likes.
Leo Tolstoy~ The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
In our search for truth let us not be influenced by what is easiest to believe.
Erich Fromm~ Not he who has much is rich but he who gives much.
Blaise Pascal~ The sensibility of man to trifles and his insensibility to great things indicates a strange inversion.
Oscar Wilde~ To get back my youth I would do anything in the world except take exercise get up early or be respectable.
Clare Booth Luce~ Lying increases the creative faculties expands the ego and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
V. Z. Lawton~ Its not Jerusalem Its not Baghdad. Its not Bolivia. Its Oklahoma.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
Thus happiness depends, as nature shows, less on exterior things than most suppose. -William Cowper
Dale Berra~ You cant compare me to my father. Our similarities are different.
Of all ills that one endures, hope is a cheap and universal cure. -Abraham Cowley
Nobody can be successful if he doesn't love his work, love his job. -David Sarnoff
Why does the sun lighten our hair, but darken our skin?
J. Russel Lynes~ If you cant ignore an insult top it if you cant top it laugh it off and if you cant laugh it off its probably deserved.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself. -Harry Firestone
Lynda Barry~ Love is an exploding cigar we willingly smoke.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter~ Recollection is the only paradise from which we cannot be turned out.
Lord grant me the courage to do the things I can, the serenity to accept the things I can't, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Carl Jung~ Nobody as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life is without trouble.
Unknown~ All general statements are false.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ The society of women is the element of good manners.
W. Fusselman~ Today a reader - tomorrow a leader.
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got. -Art Buchwald
Ralph W. Sockman~ Be careful that victories do not carry the seed of future defeats.
Norman Vincent Peale~ Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow.
Thomas Hobbes~ Appetite with an opinion of attaining is called hope the same without such opinion despair.
Lady Nancy Astor~ Truth always originates in a minority of one and every custom begins as a broken precedent.
Heda Bejar~ The fragrance always remains in the hand that gives the rose.
Next to the originator of a good sentence is the first quoter of it. (Emerson)
Bob Hope~ If you havent any charity in your heart you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
Thomas Jefferson~ Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Matthew Arnold~ I do not believe today everything I believed yesterday I wonder will I believe tomorrow everything I believe today.
Oprah Winfrey~ I define joy as a sustained sense of well-being and internal peace - a connection to what matters.
Blaise Pascal~ We must learn our limits. We are all something but none of us are everything.
Franz Kafka~ There art two cardinal sins from which all others spring Impatience and Laziness.
Bertrand Russell~ It is a waste of energy to be angry with a man who behaves badly just as it is to be angry with a car that wont go.
Real Live Preacher~ Integrity combined with faithfulness is a powerful force and worthy of great respect.
To do is to be - Marx. Do be do be do - Sinatra.
Aldous Huxley~ Silence is as full of potential wisdom and wit as the unhewn marble of a great sculpture.
Ben Johnson~ Drink to me only with thine eyes And I will pledge with mine Or leave a kiss but in the cup And Ill not look for wine.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. -Seneca
If you want to leave footprints in the sands of time, don't drag your feet. -Annot. L. Sheppard in Women's World
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. -Loretta Scott
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis.
Rene Descartes~ Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems.
Unknown~ Sometimes on the way to our dreams We get lost and find an even better one
Anatole France~ It is human nature to think wisely and act foolishly.
Norman Vincent Peale~ Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it for that determines our success or failure.
Confucius~ Without knowing the force of words it is impossible to know men.
Learn to listen, opportunity often knocks softly.
Ecclesiastes~ Be not slow to visit the sick.
Utterly Russell~ The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd.
Woody Allen~ Basically my wife was immature. Id be at home in the bath and shed come in and sink my boats.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? -Abraham Lincoln
Elizabeth Taylor~ Its not the having its the getting.
Vivian Baxter~ Life is going to give you just what you put into it. Put your whole heart in everything you do.
You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give. - Kahlil Gibran. - Ana Lee
Lucius Accius~ Let them hate so long as they fear.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. -Donald Trump
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. (Mark Twain)
Albert Einstein~ If you want to live a happy life tie it to a goal. Not to people or things.
Bob Dylan~ Whats money A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Claude Louis Hector de Villars~ God save me from my friends. I can protect myself from my enemies.
Necessity is the mother of taking chances. -Mark Twain
Martin Luther~ There is no more lovely friendly and charming relationship communion or company than a good marriage.
Jerry Coleman~ Tony Gwynn the fat batter behind Finley is waiting.
Sara Teasdale~ No one worth possessing Can be quite possessed.
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
Mathurin Regnier~ Every one is the architect of his own fortune.
A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake. -Confucius
Calvin Coolidge~ It takes a great man to be a good listener.
The only man who is really free is the one who can turn down an invitation to dinner without giving an excuse. -Jules Renard
Jefferson Davis~ Never be haughty to the humble never be humble to the haughty.
Booth Tarkington~ There are two things that will be believed of any man whatsoever and one of them is that he has taken to drink.
Italian Proverb~ To a quick question give a slow answer.
Christopher North~ Laws were made to be broken.
Baroness Orczy~ An apology Bah Disgusting Cowardly Beneath the dignity of any gentleman however wrong he might be.
Clarence Darrow~ When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now Im beginning to believe it.
Funny thing about humility. Just when you think you've got it, you've lost it.
Johann von Goethe~ Everything a human being wants can be divided into four components love adventure power and fame.
If we'd confess our sins to one another we'd all laugh at the lack of originality.
Will Durant~ Civilization begins with order grows with liberty and dies with chaos.
Sticks and stones may break your bones when there's anger to inpart. Spiteful words can hurt your feelings but silence breaks your heart.
Athenus~ No one has yet computed how many imaginary triumphs are silently celebrated by people each year to keep up their courage.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
G. M. Trevelyan~ Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Joe Moore~ There are still some honest people left in the world but they never seem to find anything you lose.
Sebastian Brant~ The world loves to be deceived.
Toledo Blade~ A great many open minds should be closed for repairs.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
Will Rogers~ There ought to be one day - just one - when there is open season on senators.
There is nothing wrong in having nothing to say, unless you insist on saying it.
Joan Didion~ I write entirely to find out what Im thinking what Im looking at what I see and what it means. What I want and what I fear.
I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech. -H. Jackson Browne
Barbara Mikkelson~ Beware the pull on your heartstrings - its often the pursestrings that are actually being reached for.
Remember, worth and value are not wrapped up in what you do. You are not a human doing. You are a human being.
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh~ Grief cant be shared. Everyone carries it alone his own burdens his own way.
Jim~ Books I found had the power to make time stand still retreat or fly into the future.
Terry Hands~ We may pretend that were basically moral people who make mistakes but the whole of history proves otherwise.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by traffic from both sides. (Margaret Thatcher)
Walt Whitman~ Judging from the main portion of the history of the world so far justice is always in jeopardy.
Francis Bacon~ Many secrets of art and nature are thought by the unlearned to be magical.
Percy Bysshe Shelley~ Fear not for the future weep not for the past.
Plato~ The most effective kind of education is that a child should play amongst lovely things.
Creativity is allowing oneself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. -Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle
George Eliot~ Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love.
Homer~ Zeus does not bring all mens plans to fulfillment.
Barry Commoner~ Nothing ever goes away.
A person is getting along the road to wisdom when they begin to realize that their opinion is just another opinion.
Lord Acton~ The most certain test by which we judge whether a country is really free is the amount of security enjoyed by minorities.
Miguel de Cervantes~ The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
Michel de Montaigne~ I will follow the right side even to the fire but excluding the fire if I can.
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it. - John Churton Collins
Failure is the only opportunity to begin more intelligently. (Henry Ford)
It is not the size of the dog in the fight but the size of the fight in the dog.
Saint Jerome~ A fat paunch never breeds fine thoughts.
Aesop~ A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other and we then know how to meet him.
Hiroshima..45........Tjernobil..86........Windows..95....
Jawaharlal Nehru~ I have become a queer mixture of the East and the West out of place everywhere at home nowhere.
He who asks a question is a fool for a minute; he who does not remains a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb
John Dryden~ Better shun the bait than struggle in the snare.
The world needs anger. The world often continues to allow evil because it isn't angry enough. - The House of Gold. - Bede Jarrett
You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good. -Jerry West
Josh Billings~ One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Chinese Proverb~ To know the road ahead ask those coming back.
Swami Vivekananda~ This world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.
The small print takes away what the big print grants!
George Eliot~ Ignorance gives one a large range of probabilities.
The Seven Sages~ Do not speak ill of the dead.
Arab Proverb~ Make your bargain before beginning to plow.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined. -Horace Mann
The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before. -Steve Young
Samuel Butler~ Any fool can tell the truth but it requires a man of some sense to know how to lie well.
Francis Bacon~ Houses are built to live in not to look on therefore let use be preferred before uniformity except where both may be had.
W. Somerset Maugham~ We do not write because we want to we write because we have to.
Saying nothing... sometimes says the most. -Emily Dickinson
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship and it is far the best ending for one.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Those wholl play with cats must expect to be scratched.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ This desk of mine is one at which a man may die but from which he cannot resign.
The habit does not make the monk. [Lat., Cucullus (or Cuculla) non facit monachum.] - John Dryden
Pablo Picasso~ Well youth is the period of assumed personalities and disguises. It is the time of the sincerely insincere.
School is a building which has fours walls with tomorrow inside. -Lon Watters
Old people have fewer diseases than the young, but their diseases never leave them. -Hippocrates
When you go in search of honey you must expect to be stung by bees. -Kenneth Kaunda
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ When it is darkest men see the stars.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. -Kahlil Gibran
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. -Andrew Jackson
Antoine Rivarol~ Man spends his life in reasoning on the past in complaining of the present in fearing future.
One man with courage makes a majority. -Andrew Jackson
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ If I were dying my last words would be Have faith and pursue the unknown end.
Chester Bowles~ There can be no real individual freedom in the presence of economic insecurity.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power. -Seneca
Harlan Ellison~ The two most common elements in the universe are Hydrogen and stupidity.
Saint Augustine~ Better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all.
Paul De Rapin~ Our strength often increases in proportion to the obstacles imposed upon it.
Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success. - Jim Backus
Hebrew Proverb~ A rich man has no need of character.
Ayn Rand~ The evil of the world is made possible by nothing but the sanction you give it.
Taoist Proverb~ The journey is the reward.
Margaret Bonnano~ It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis.
God helps them that help themselves. -Benjamin Franklin
The label "All new" or "Completely new" means the price went way up.
Jean Kerr~ Being divorced is like being hit by a Mack truck-if you survive you start looking very carefully to the right and left.
Grandma asked, "How many animals went into the Ark?" ... The youngster replied: "One mail and one e-mail of each."
Marechal Ferdinand Foch~ In whatever position you find yourself determine first your objective.
Holbrook Jackson~ Beware of your habits. The better they are the more surely they will be your undoing.
I don't let my mouth say nothin' my head can't stand. -Louis Armstrong
Anon.~ Ooops. My brain just hit a bad sector.
Robert Browning~ My business is not to remake myself but to make the absolute best of what God made.
Kim Hubbard~ Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ Cleave never to the sunnier side of doubt.
Albert Camus~ Greatness consists in trying to be great. There is no other way.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ This administration here and now declares unconditional war on poverty.
Alfred Adler~ The truth is often a terrible weapon of aggression. It is possible to lie and even murder with the truth.
Tao Le Ching~ It is only by not trusting that you turn someone into a liar.
Constantine Peter Cavafy~ You must pray that the way be long full of adventures and experiences.
D. H. Lawrence~ We ought to dance with rapture that we might be alive - and part of the living incarnate cosmos.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
Baltasar Gracian~ Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. -George Moore
There is always a way to go if you look for it. -Ernest A. Fitzgerald
Jessamyn West~ It is the loving not the loved woman who feels loveable.
Walter Cronkite~ And thats the way it is.
Thomas Jefferson~ Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press and that cannot be limited without being lost.
The manager has his eye on the bottom line; the leader has his eye on the horizon. -Warren Bennis
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. -Michael Althsuler
Jewish Proverb~ If God lived on earth people would break his windows.
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn. -John Wesley
Chinese Proverb~ A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Gail Pool~ Even with the best of maps and instruments we can never fully chart our journeys.
Wilhelm von Humboldt~ How a person masters his fate is more important than what his fate is.
Equal amounts of dark chocolate and white chocolate, is a balanced diet.
George Eliot~ The scornful nostril and the high head gather not the odors that lie on the track of truth.
There are people who have money and people who are rich. -Coco Gabrielle Chanel
Danish proverb~ Tomorrow is the busiest day of the year.
In prosperity prepare for a change; in adversity hope for one. - James Burgh
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Impossible situations can become possible miracles.
Real Live Preacher~ Fidelity to commitment in the face of doubts and fears is a very spiritual thing.
William Shakespeare~ O for a muse of fire that would ascend the brightest heaven of invention.
Confucius~ Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
Be nice to everyone on your way to the top because you pass them all on the way down. (Fred A. Hufnagel Sr.)
Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. (Oliver Wendell Holmes)
Life is a roller coaster. You can either scream every time you hit a bump or you can throw your hands up in the air and enjoy it.
Alfred Hitchcock~ In films murders are always very clean. I show how difficult it is and what a messy thing it is to kill a man.
Woodrow Wilson~ The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
It doesn't matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice. (Deng Xiaoping)
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A hero is no braver than an ordinary man but he is braver five minutes longer.
Richard Baxter~ Dangers bring fears and fears more dangers bring.
J. Carl Cook~ Minor surgery is surgery someone else is having.
Thomas Mann~ If you are possessed by an idea you find it expressed everywhere you even smell it.
William Shakespeare~ How poor are they who have not patience What wound did ever heal but by degrees.
Peggy Noonan~ Cynicism is not realistic and tough. Its unrealistic and kind of cowardly because it means you dont have to try.
I don't think anybody yet has invented a pastime that's as much fun, or keeps you as young, as a good job. - Frederick Hudson Ecker
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. -Jack Kinder
Josh Billings~ Dont take the bull by the horns take him by the tail then you can let go when you want to.
Ken Olson~ There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.
Learn from the past Live for today Look for tomorrow Take a nap this afternoon
Anon.~ A poet is someone who is astonished by everything.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ All Reformers however strict their social conscience live in houses just as big as they can pay for.
William Shakespeare~ How far that little candle throws his beams So shines a good deed in a weary world.
H.L. Mencken~ Imagine the Creator as a stand up commedian - and at once the world becomes explicable.
Sever the ignorant doubt in your heart with the sword of self-knowledge. Observe your discipline. Arise. -Bhagavad-gita
Kermit Eby~ I am for integrity if only because life is very short and truth is hard to come by.
Rune Leknes~ Beauty is not defined by the masses but by the opinion of the individual.
James Grover Thurber~ Let us not look back in anger nor forward in fear but around in awareness.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ The word impossible is not in my dictionary.
David Russell~ The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
American Proverb~ Scratch my back and Ill scratch yours.
Michael Winner~ A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. -Ethiopian Proverb
Louise Hay~ Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
Clive James~ Everyone has a right to a university degree in America even if its in Hamburger Technology.
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family. -Barbara Bush
If you can't dance, don't blame the dance floor.
Nikita Khrushchev~ If you start throwing hedgehogs under me I shall throw a couple of porcupines under you.
Napoleon I~ Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.
Arthur C. Clarke~ The best measure of a mans honesty isnt his income tax return. Its the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.
William Shakespeare~ Cowards die many times before their deathsThe valiant never taste of death but once.
Gabrid Garcia Marquez~ No medicine cures what happiness cannot.
American Indian Proverb~ Man has responsiblity not power. Tuscarora
Unknown~ All I want to do is to minister to someone And if I do that Then the Lords work in me has been done.
Don't be angry at a friend who told your secret, for neither could you keep it to yourself.
Tom Robbins~ Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
Nora Roberts~ Love and magic have a great deal in common. They enrich the soul delight the heart. And they both take practice.
Jim Rohn~ Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Brendan Francis~ A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Results Why man I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that wont work.
Libby Houston~ When your dreams tire they go underground and out of kindness thats where they stay.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ When you go ice-skating try not to swing your arms too much because that really annoys me.
Joseph Addison~ What an absurd thing it is to pass over all the valuable parts of a man and fix our attention on his infirmities.
Laurence J. Peter~ An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
William Shakespeare~ I have not slept one wink.
To think is to practice brain chemistry. -Deepak Chopra
American Proverb~ A tree never hits an automobile except in self defense.
Friends forever; never apart, maybe by distance, but not by heart.
If music be the food of love; play on. -William Shakespeare
How can one TV station have the "exclusive" accurate weather? Did they "storm" in and scoop the others?
A smile is the cheapest way to improve your looks, even if your teeth are crooked.
Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart. -Myla Kabat-Zinn
John Barth~ Everyone is necessarily the hero of his own life story.
Woodrow Wilson~ ...it is as hard to do your duty when men are sneering at you as when they are shooting at you.
S Hayakawa~ Im going to speak my mind because I have nothing to loose.
Stupid is as stupid does. - Joseph La Bonde
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. -Peter Ustinov
Eubie~ A politician thinks of the next election a statesman of the next generation.
Meldrick Lewis~ If you aint never pick up the sword you aint never have to worry about fallin on it.
Paul Johnson~ The word meaningful when used today is nearly always meaningless.
Tolerance and celebration of individual differences is the fire that fuels lasting love. - Tom Hannah
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. - Anonymous
All people smile in the same language.
Albert Einstein~ Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ In the morning when you are sluggish about getting up let this thought be present I am rising to a mans work.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster.
Martin Luther~ Be a sinner and sin mightily but more mightily believe and rejoice in Christ.
Douglas Noel Adams~ When you blame others you give up your power to change.
The only reward of virtue is virtue. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
William Shakespeare~ An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. -Oscar Wilde
Harry S Truman~ Take a two-mile walk every morning before breakfast.
Ovid~ My hopes are not always realized but I always hope.
Adel Bestavros~ Patience with others is Love Patience with self is Hope Patience with God is Faith.
Malcolm Forbes~ There is never enough time unless youre serving it.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ If someone wants a sheep then that means that he exists.
Albert Einstein~ If we knew what it was we were doing it would not be called research would it
Oscar Wilde~ One can survive everything nowadays except death and live down everything except a good reputation.
Leonardo DaVinci~ Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
The only man who is a bigger fool than the one who knows it all is the one who will argue with him.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. -Anonymous
If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself. -Eubie Blake (On his 100th Birthday)
The object of the superior man is truth. - Confucius
When your writing is filled with detail, it has a lot more impact. -Ivan Levison
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds. -William Shakespeare
Clint Eastwood~ Theres only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is Ill get married again.
We live in the present, we dream of the future and we learn eternal truths from the past. - Madame Chiang Kai-shek
Maxim Gorky~ Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands but let it go and you learn at once how big and precious it is.
Take time to relax especially when you don't have time for it. (Sydney J Harris)
Solomon Ibn Gabirol~ A wise mans question contains half the answer.
Jiddu Krishnamurti~ Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased.
William James~ The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
D. H. Lawrence~ The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor. - Francis Bacon
Malcolm X~ You cant separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
Black Elk~ Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ You dont tell deliberate lies but sometimes you have to be evasive.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Not to know the events which happened before one was born that is to remain always a boy.
If voting could really change things, it would be illegal.
There is hardly a man on earth who will take advice unless he is certain that it is positively bad. - Edward Dahlberg
Algebra was easy for the Romans because "X" was always 10.
Laurence J. Peter~ If you dont know where you are going you will probably end up somewhere else.
Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to error that counts. -Nikki Giovanni
B. J. Gupta~ Religions must continue to evolve to keep up with changing times because only fittest shall survive.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. (Norman Vincent Peale)
Izaak Walton~ I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning.
Richard Phillips Feynman~ I was born not knowing and have only had a little time to change that here and there.
Who hath taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchants were princes, whose traffickers are the honourable of the earth?
Richard P. Adler~ All television is childrens television.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. (Miguel de Cervantes)
Thomas Merton~ Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ A kingdom founded on injustice never lasts.
Unknown~ Antonym n. The opposite of the word youre trying to think of.
Charles Gordon~ If you tell the truth you have infinite power supporting you but if not you have infinite power against you.
Jonathan Swift~ Censure is the tax a man pays to the public for being eminent.
L. O. Baird~ May no gift be too small to give nor too simple to receive which is wrapped in thoughtfulness and tied with love.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ No one lies so boldly as the man who is indignant.
At the center of your being you have the answer; You know who you are and you know what you want. -Lao Tzu
Steve Pershing~ Always treat people with respect and kindness for they may be selected to be on your jury.
Albert Einstein~ God may be subtle but He isnt mean.
English Proverb~ Danger and delight grow on one stalk.
Bern Williams~ We may pass violets looking for roses. We may pass contentment looking for victory.
Og Mandino~ Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Pat Conroy~ Ive always found paranoia to be a perfectly defensible position.
Thomas Haliburton~ Wherever there is authority there is a natural inclination to disobedience.
Edgar R. Fiedler~ Ask five economists and youll get five different answers (six if one went to Harvard).
Bobby Knight~ All of us learn to write in the second grade. Most of us go on to greater things.
Meg Cabot~ No matter how nice the company one might be with however it is never pleasant to have a rifle pointed at ones back.
The most ineffective workers are systematically moved to the place where they can do the least damage: Management. (Scott Adams)
Anwar el Sadat~ A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other and we then know how to meet him.
An optimist is a driver who thinks that empty space at the curb won't have a hydrant beside it. -Changing Times
I had rather do and not promise than promise and not do. -Arthur Warwick
If one takes pride in one's craft, you won't let a good thing die. Risking it through not pushing hard enough is not a humility. - Paul Keating
Linus Pauling~ The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ Knowledge comes but wisdom lingers.
William Faulkner~ We always admire the other person more after weve tried to do his job.
Jesus did not come to make God's love possible, but to make God's love visible.
Vision is not enough, it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps, we must step up the stairs. -Vaclav Havel
An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have: The older she gets, the more interested he is in her. (Agatha Christie)
Albert Camus~ I know of only one duty and that is to love.
Marriage - is an expensive way of getting your laundry done for free.
Cheryl Grossman~ I dream therefore I become.
Peter McWilliams~ To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all.
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest of these is: "It might have been".
Richard Buckminster Fuller~ There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you its going to be a butterfly.
Carol Burnett~ Words once they are printed have a life of their own.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Unknown~ No good plan survives contact with the enemy.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity. -H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom stays. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
For people who like peace and quiet: a phone less cord.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Now now my good man this is no time for making enemies.
Samuel Butler~ I do not mind lying but I hate inaccuracy.
Blaise Pascal~ Fear not provided you fear but if you fear not then fear.
Leo Tolstoy~ One ought only to write when one leaves a piece of ones flesh in the ink-pot each time one dips ones pen.
The setting of a great hope is like the setting of the sun. The brightness of our life is gone. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Dennis Miller~ We need anything politically important rationed out like Pez small sweet and coming out of a funny plastic head.
Dick Cavett~ Its a rare person who wants to hear what he doesnt want to hear.
Hyman Rickover~ If youre going to sin sin against God not the bureaucracy. God will forgive you but the bureaucracy wont.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The living is a species of the dead and not a very attractive one.
John C. Maxwell~ A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes smart enough to profit from them and strong enough to correct them.
Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? -Anonymous
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. -Robert Lewis Stevenson
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard.
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can possibly do is take a complete rest. -Ashleigh Brilliant
You can say that you dont care what anyone thinks about you, but in the end, its all that really matters. - Tiffany Garland
Benjamin Disraeli~ The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
A rumor is as hard to unspread as butter.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ What music is more enchanting than the voices of young people when you cant hear what they say
Life is a great surprise. I don't see why death should not be an even greater one. -Vladimir Nabokov
Lillian~ Sometimes when I look at all my children I say to myself Lillian you should have stayed a virgin.
Seneca~ Let tears flow of their own accord their flowing is not inconsistent with inward peace and harmony.
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?"This is commonly misquotes as "You can't have you're cake and eat it, too. - John Heywood
If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation. (Jiddu Krishnamurti)
Louis LAmour~ He might never really do what he said but at least he had it in mind. He had somewhere to go.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ I may not believe in what you say but I will die for your right to do so.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done the zest of creating things new.
Alice Walker~ The quietly pacifist peaceful always die to make room for men who shout.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. -Seneca
Michael Korda~ An ounce of hypocracy is worth a pound of ambition.
Ovid~ All things change nothing perishes.
Vulgate~ Great is truth and all powerful.
Who likes not his business, his business likes not him. -William Hazlitt
Abraham Lincoln~ Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Praying without ceasing is not ritualized, nor are there even words. It is a constant state of awareness of oneness with God. -Pilgrims
Thomas Merton~ A bad book about the love of God remains a bad book.
A kind deed a day, like little drops of rain, Makes a mighty ocean and a gracious nation. -Lin Hsiu Nei
Build a dream and the dream will build you. -Robert H. Schuller
Ed Lindeman~ If you dont go far enough back in memory or far enough ahead in hope your future will be impoverished.
Persian Proverb~ The blind man is laughing at the bald head.
Aaron Burr~ Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
Edward R. Murrow~ Anyone who isnt confused really doesnt understand the situation.
A person shows what he is by what he does with what he has. -Unknown Author
We are governed not by armies and police, but by ideas. -Mona Caird
John W. Gardner~ True happiness involves the full use of ones power and talents.
Information is giving out. Communication is getting through.
George Bernard Shaw~ Do not do unto others as you would that they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Little things affect little minds.
When I see a bird that walks like a duck and swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, I call that bird a duck. - Richard C. Cushing
Joseph Campbell~ We must be willing to get rid of the life weve planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov~ He who desires nothing hopes for nothing and is afraid of nothing cannot be an artist.
Right is right, even if everyone is against it; and wrong is wrong, even if everyone is for it. -William Penn
Some people hate waking up and getting out of bed. I enjoy it. I do it three or four times a day.
Excellence is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. -John W. Gardner
Groucho Marx~ Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough.
No nation ever taxed itself into prosperity. -Rush Limbaugh
There is no victory at bargain basement prices. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Bill Nye~ Wagners music is better than it sounds.
Roscoe Pound~ The law must be stable but it must not stand still.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Dont waste yourself in rejection nor bark against the bad but chant the beauty of the good.
Mahatma Gandhi~ I want freedom for the full expression on my personality.
Frank Capra~ Automatic simply means that you cant repair it yourself.
Robert J. Collier~ Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out...
Alfred North Whitehead~ The vitality of thought is in adventure. Ideas wont keep. Something must be done about them.
Jonathan Swift~ May you live all the days of your life.
Clifton Paul Fadiman~ I think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.
Peter Drucker~ The individual is the central rarest most precious capital resource of our society.
Marston Bates~ Research is the process of going up alleys to see if they are blind.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ The Negro says Now. Others say Never. The voice of responsible Americans ... says Together. There is no other way.
Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington~ Every body continues in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line except insofar as it doesnt.
Theodore Roosevelt~ It is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. In this life we get nothing save by effort.
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want. -Tao Saying
Lawana Blackwell~ True repentance means making amends with the person when at all possible.
Bobby Jones~ It is nothing new or original to say that golf is played one stroke at a time. But it took me many years to realize it.
Annie Sullivan~ People seldom see the halting and painful steps by which the most insignificant success is achieved.
Harper Lee~ Until I feared I would lose it I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.
Bertrand Russell~ One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that ones work is terribly important.
I never saw a pessimistic general win a battle. -General Dwight David Eisenhower
Elizabeth Warnock Fernea~ Nobody is ever met at the airport when beginning a new adventure. Its just not done.
George Bernard Shaw~ All great truths begin as blasphemies.
Joseph Conrad~ The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves or on whom she simply depends is want of courage.
Sir Walter Scott~ Love rules the court the camp the grove And men below and saints above For love is heaven and heaven is love.
Carrie Chapman Catt~ To the wrongs that need resistance To the right that needs assistance To the future in the distance Give yourselves.
I love humanity, it's the people I can't stand. -Linus
Ulcers are caused not so much by what we eat as what's eating us.
Robert Southey~ The loss of a friend is like that of a limb time may heal the anguish of the wound but the loss cannot be repaired.
Appius Claudius~ Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
Hugo Von Hofmannsthal~ To grow mature is to separate more distinctly to connect more closely.
If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.
Geoffrey Chaucer~ He was as fresh as is the month of May.
Keep eye on many, but thoughts on one. Shake hands with many, but give your heart to one.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Love truth but pardon error.
Hellen Keller~ Not the senses I have but what I do with them is my kingdom.
Olympic Motto~ Citius Altius Fortius
Anne Sexton~ The joy that isnt shared dies young.
Euripides~ The company of just and righteous men is better than wealth and a rich estate.
Horace~ Whoever cultivates the golden mean avoids both the poverty of a hovel and the envy of a palace.
Samuel Johnson~ What we hope ever to do with ease we may learn first to do with diligence.
Charles L. Allen~ Remember that you are needed. There is at least one important work to be done that will not be done unless you do it.
True friendship brings sunshine to the shade, and shade to the sunshine -Thomas Burke
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards. (Benjamin Franklin)
German proverb~ A country can be judged by the quality of its proverbs.
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes. -Dr. James Dobson
A baby is born with a need to be loved and never outgrows it. -Frank A Clark
Handle them carefully, for words have more power than atom bombs. -Pearl Strachan Hurd
Hippocrates~ Prayer indeed is good but while calling on the gods a man should himself lend a hand.
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Vincent Peale
A man is not where he lives, but where he loves. (Latin Proverb)
P. J. ORourke~ Love is a driver bitter and fierce if you fight and resist him Easy-going enough once you acknowledge his power.
R. D. Laing~ Alienation as our present destiny is achieved only by outrageous violence perpetrated by human beings on human beings.
Mark Twain~ Time cools time clarifies no mood can be maintained quite unaltered through the course of hours.
Yiddish Proverb~ Worries go better with soup than without.
Hugh Downs~ A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Nothing is more wretched than the mind of a man conscious of guilt.
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand. -Baruch Spinoza
Roger Baldwin~ So long as we have enough people in this country willing to fight for their rights well be called a democracy.
Maya Angelou~ Childrens talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Well Im not a crook.
Publilius Syrus~ Loves wounds can be healed only by the one who inflicts them.
Josh Billings~ I never question a success any more than I do the right of a bulldog to lie in his own gateway.
Frank Shutts~ One very important ingredient of success is a good wide-awake persistent tireless enemy.
Unknown~ Use disappointments as material for patience.
Euripides~ Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass.
Kahlil Gibran~ Man merely discovers he never can and never will invent.
George Bernard Shaw~ What use are cartridges in battle I always carry chocolate instead.
What does an atheist do when he is behind a car with a "Honk if you love Jesus" bumper sticker that doesn't move when the light turns green?
John Glenn~ I dont know what you could say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets.
The price of greatness is responsibility. (Winston Churchill)
Good leaders are like baseball umpires; they go practically unnoticed when doing their jobs right. (Byrd Baggett)
Know first who you are; and then adorn yourself accordingly. - Euripides
The safest way to cross life's streets is to hold hands.
Like all great travelers, I have seen more than I remember; and I remember more than I have seen.
Lee Iacocca~ You can have brilliant ideas but if you cant get them across your ideas wont get you anywhere.
Virgil~ Your descendants shall gather your fruits.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours. -John Locke
J. G. Gallimore~ Image creates desire. You will what you imagine.
You need to play with supreme confidence, or else you'll lose again, and then losing becomes a habit. -Joe Paterno
A person who aims at nothing is sure to hit it. -Unknown Author
The wise learn many things from their enemies. -Aristophanes
William Orville Douglas~ Religious experiences which are as real as life to some may be incomprehensible to others.
W. C. Fields~ A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -Robert F. Kennedy
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion. -Dale Carnegie
A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery, is the most tremendous object of the whole creation. - Oliver Goldsmith
A good sermon should have a good beginning and a good ending, and they should be as close together as possible. (George Burns)
Always acknowledge a fault. This will throw those in authority off their guard and give you an opportunity to commit more. -Mark Twain
Ben Sweetland~ Success is a journey not a destination.
Albert von Szent-Gyorgyi~ Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
Freedom is doing what you know is right without fear.
Benjamin Franklin~ Do good to thy Friend to keep him to thy enemy to gain him.
If you love something let it go, and if it comes back - that doesn't mean a damn thing; it can just leave you again later. - Unknown
William Franklin Billy Graham~ Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are stiffened.
Ohh read our special swine fever report and we promise not to sell you anything
Chrysippus~ Thought is the fountain of speech.
Sybil Adelman~ Ok. Sex is fine. Sex is good. Sex is GREAT Okay okay we need men for sex... Do we need so many
J. J. Fumas~ Death is just a low chemical trick played on everybody except sequoia trees.
Courage is doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone. -François, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
Duncan Maxwell Anderson~ Remember It is times harder to command the ear than to catch the eye.
Linda Wells~ Potatoes are to food what sensible shoes are to fashion.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely. -Auguste Rodin
It takes a thorn to remove a thorn. -Hindu Proverb
Richard Bach~ Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished if youre alive it isnt.
Elizabeth Drew~ Travel instead of broadening the mind often merely lengthens the conversation.
Danish proverb~ Three Spaniards four opinions.
Al Capone~ I dont even know what street Canada is on.
Tao Le Ching~ The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao. The name that can be named is not the eternal Name.
William Lloyd~ Nonsense and noise will oft prevail when honour and affection fail.
George Bernard Shaw~ One man that has a mind and knows it can always beat ten men who havent and dont.
Lillian Hellman~ Nothing you write if you hope to be good will ever come out as you first hoped.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ (On Western civilization) I think it would be a good idea.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. -Thich Nhat Hanh
William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right
Never practice two vices at once. - Mike Binder
John Dryden~ We first make our habits and then our habits make us.
I don't know what weapons will be used in world war three, but in world war four people will use sticks and stones. (Albert Einstein)
For every mountain there is a miracle. -Robert H. Schuller
No legacy is so rich as honesty. -William Shakespeare
Faith is personal, but never private.
Napolean Hill~ You dont have to fear defeat if you believe it may reveal powers that you didnt know you possessed.
John Churton Collins~ In prosperity our friends know us in adversity we know our friends.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face. -William M. Thackeray
Thomas Fuller~ Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Louis Armstrong~ What we play is life.
Man and the turtle are very much alike. Neither makes any progress without sticking his neck out.
Keyboard : Instrument used to enter errors into computer.
W. Somerset Maugham~ We know our friends by their defects rather than by their merits.
Terry Goodkind~ Never let a beautiful woman pick your path for you when there is a man in her line of sight.
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
Oprah Winfrey~ Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Publilius Syrus~ He doubly benefits the needy who gives quickly.
I would rather see a serman than hear one any day. -Eddie Guest
A good marriage is like a casserole: only those involved actually know what goes into it.
Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine. -Mario Fernandez
Buddha~ To live a pure unselfish life one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
William Shakespeare~ Blow blow thou winter wind Thou art not so unkind As mans ingratitude.
My face in the mirror
A tear shed can say more than a hundred words spoken.
Perfectionism is the enemy of creation, as extreme self-solitude is the enemy of well-being, -John Updike, Odd Jobs
Prudent, cautious self-control, is wisdom's root. -Robert Burns
Terence~ Too much liberty corrupts us all.
Jewish Proverb~ Truth is the safest lie.
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life. -Lee Iacocca
Alfred North Whitehead~ The deepest definition of youth is life as yet untouched by tragedy.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. -Winston Churchill
Eric Hoffer~ To spell out the obvious is often to call it in question.
Whatever is flexible and living will tend to grow; whatever is rigid and blocked will wither and die. -Lao Tzu
We are accountable only to ourselves for what happens to us in our lives. - Mildred Newman
Rex Hudler~ Be a fountain not a drain.
Edgar Allan Poe~ I became insane with long intervals of horrible sanity
My worst day of vacation has always been better than my best day at work.
Clive Staples Lewis~ Courage is not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Iggy Pop~ They say that death kills you But death doesnt kill you. Boredom and indifference kill you.
Hardy D. Jackson~ Above all be true to yourself and if you can not put your heart in it take yourself out of it.
What you cannot enforce, do not command. - Socrates
Bertrand Russell~ This is one of those views which are so absolutely absurd that only very learned men could possibly adopt them.
Do not take counsel of your fears. -George Patton
Portuguese Proverb~ A rich widow weeps with one eye and signals with the other.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
What do they use to ship styrofoam?
Mary OHare Dumas~ Confidence is the hinge on the door to success.
No man should be shamefaced through his work, to give back to the world a portion of its lost heart. -Louise Bogan
Albert Camus~ The need to be right - the sign of a vulgar mind.
Oliver Goldsmith~ Hope like the gleaming tapers light Adorns and cheers our way And still as darker grows the night Emits a brighter ray.
George Bernard Shaw~ Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
Tom Peters~ Underpromise overdeliver.
Jeremy Schwartz~ Live every day as if it were your last because one of these days it will be.
George E. Woodberry~ Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
Forbidden fruit creates many jams.
How far would Moses have gone if he had taken a poll in Egypt?. -Harry Truman
Unknown~ Fashion is something that goes in one year and out the other.
Danish proverb~ Walk till the blood appears on the cheek but not the sweat on the brow.
Slaying the dragon of delay is no sport for the short-winded. -Sandra Day O'Connor
Those who can't laugh at themselves leave the job to others.
A sharp tongue and a dull mind are usually found in the same head.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ No one can give you better advice than yourself.
Johann von Goethe~ It is not enough to have knowledge one must also apply it. It is not enough to have wishes one must also accomplish.
Steven Wright~ The Meaning Of Life The reason that were all here is that it was too crowded where we were supposed to go.
Paul Valery~ What others think of us would be of little moment did it not when known so deeply tinge what we think of ourselves.
Max Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck~ It is never possible to predict a physical occurrence with unlimited precision.
James A. Froude~ Experience teaches slowly and at the cost of mistakes.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something. -Frank Capra
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ History is little else than a picture of human crimes and misfortunes.
Mother Theresa~ If we want a love message to be heard it has to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it.
Janet Long~ Part of being sane is being a little bit crazy.
Richard Fenyman~ What did you ask at school today
Susan S. Taylor~ We dont have an eternity to realize our dreams only the time we are here.
If your capacity to acquire has outstripped your capacity to enjoy, you are on the way to the scrap-heap. -Glen Buck
William Shakespeare~ No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Mark Twain~ Drag your thoughts away from your troubles.. by the ears by the heels or any other way you can manage it.
The sign on the door of opportunity reads PUSH. -Unknown Author
Edwin L. Arnold~ Though the rich mans dinner goes in at his mouth the poor man must often be content to dine though his nose.
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words; I did not have time. -Franklin Field
Kim Hubbard~ When a fellow says it aint the money but the principle of the thing its the money.
Beware the fury of a patient man. - John Dryden
Think not I am what I appear. - Lord Byron (George Gordon Noel Byron)
Woodrow Wilson~ No man can sit down and withhold his hands from the warfare against wrong and get peace from his acquiescence.
In things pertaining to enthusiasm, no man is sane who does not know how to be insane on proper occasions. -Henry Ward Beecher
Sam Donaldson~ Id rather work with someone whos good at their job but doesnt like me than someone who likes me but is a ninny.
Hair~ The draft is white people sending black people to fight yellow people to protect the country they stole from the red people.
There is a technical meteorological term for a sunny, warm day which follows two rainy days. It's called a "Monday."
Thomas Jefferson~ One man with courage is a majority.
When there's nothing on TV, most people will watch it anyway.
Expect nothing; be prepared for anything. -Samurai Saying
Virginia~ For most of history Anonymous was a woman.
Confucius~ He who learns but does not think is lost He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
Success is relative. It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things. -T. S. Eliot
Benjamin Disraeli~ The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Pierre Elliott Trudeau~ My life is one long curve full of turning points.
Sam Keen~ To be on a quest is nothing more or less than to become an asker of questions.
Voltaire~ The secret of being boring is to say everything.
Charles Franklin Kettering~ Its amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions.
Why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Dianne Hales~ Put duties aside at least an hour before bed and perform soothing quiet activities that will help you relax.
William Makepeace Thackeray~ To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose the next best.
Harvey Cox~ God laughs it seems because God knows how it all turns out in the end.
It is necessary; therefore, it is possible. -G A Borghese
Thich Nhat Hanh~ Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos - the trees the clouds everything.
Edmund Burke~ An event has happened upon which it is difficult to speak and impossible to be silent.
Edward Gibbon~ We improve ourselves by victories over ourself. There must be contests and you must win.
He who reigns within himself, and rules passions, desires, and fears, is more than a king. -John Milton
Soul meets soul on lovers lips. - Dinah Shore
Edmund Burke~ No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
If you don't like something about yourself, change it. If you can't change it, accept it. (Ted Shackelford)
W. Edwards Deming~ It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
What we anticipate seldom occurs: but what we least expect generally happens. - Bill Hoest
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
One shouldn't talk of halters in the hanged man's house. - Miguel De Cervantes
John A. Woods~ The world is exactly like you think it is and thats why.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller
Drive-In banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners. (E. Joseph Cossman)
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy next to me. -Woody Allen
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ I imagine therefore I belong and am free.
H. Ross Perot~ If you see a snake just kill it. Dont appoint a committee on snakes.
A pessimist is someone who looks at the land of milk and honey and sees only calories and cholesterol.
Ingrid Bergman~ Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
I quote others in order to better express myself. - Montaigne
Cicero~ It is a true saying that One falsehood leads easily to another.
People do not plan to fail, they just fail to plan.
Mark Twain~ The report of my death was an exaggeration.
The real problem concerning your leisure is how to keep other people from using it.
Someone who thinks logically is a nice contrast to the real world.
Raymond Claud Ferdinan Aron~ What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
I think if I have a good breakfast I could go without food for the rest of the day. I think that until about lunchtime.
There is as much risk in doing nothing as in doing something. -Trammell Crow
Let your intentions create your methods and not the other way around. -Peter Mcwilliams
You never lose by loving, you only lose by holding back.
Immanuel Kant~ From such crooked wood as that which man is made of nothing straight can be fashioned.
Leo Tolstoy~ Everyone thinks of changing the world but no one thinks of changing himself.
Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can. -Willis Whitney
Ernest Hemingway~ My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way.
These settings will have no effect until you restart the system.
Aristotle~ What is a friend A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
The force of selfishness is as inevitable and as calculable as the force of gravitation. - Hailliard
Sam Ewig~ Nothing is as frustrating as arguing with someone who knows what hes talking about.
George Eliot~ Teach us to care and not to care. Teach us to sit still.
Rainer Maria Rilke~ Live your questions now and perhaps even without knowing it you will live along some distant day into your answers.
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept. -Samuel Butler
M. Grundler~ The best inheritance a parent can give to his children is a few minutes of their time each day.
Don't borrow sorrow from tommorrow!
Rita Rudner~ When I meet a man I ask myself Is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with
Out of difficulties grow miracles. -Jean De La Bruyere
Hard writing makes easy reading. Easy writing makes hard reading. -William Zinsser
Franoise Sagan~ A dress makes no sense unless it inspires men to want to take it off you.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Forgiveness is not an occasional act it is an attitude.
Charles Franklin Kettering~ My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Jonathan Swift~ May you live every day of your life.
Experts often possess more data than judgment. -General Colin Powell
Dan Burrus~ I think all of us are looking at the future with yesterdays eyes.
One man with courage is a majority. (Thomas Jefferson 1743-1826)
Desire awakens only those things that are thought possible. -Rene Descartes
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning. (Sir Winston Churchill)
Dan Quayle~ Verbosity leads to unclear inarticulate things.
Agnes de Mille~ No trumpets sound when the important decisions of our life are made. Destiny is made known silently.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. (Mark Twain)
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Unknown Author
He who angers you controls you!
Morale is a state of mind. It is steadfastness and courage and hope. -George Marshall
John Hope Franklin~ We must get beyond textbooks go out into the bypaths... and tell the world the glories of our journey.
The best morale exists when you never hear the word mentioned. When you hear it it's usually lousy. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Your current safe boundaries were once unknown frontiers.
Joe Paterno~ The will to win is important but the will to prepare is vital.
W. T. Ussery~ Stimulate the heart to love and all other virtues will rise of their own accord.
Chao Li-hua~ My boat goes west yours east. Heavens a wind for both journeys.
Benjamin Franklin~ No nation was ever ruined by trade.
Jules Feiffer~ Christ died for our sins. Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them
Douglas Adams~ Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Mark Twain~ It takes your enemy and your friend working together to hurt you the one to slander you and the other to get the news to you.
George Moore~ Art must be parochial in the beginning to be cosmopolitan in the end.
Sophocles~ Time eases all things.
Alan Stewart Paton~ To give up the task of reforming society is to give up ones responsibility as a free man.
Character is a victory, not a gift. -Anonymous
Laertius Diogenes~ He said that there was one only good namely knowledge and one only evil namely ignorance.
Talent is useless without training, thank God. (Mark Twain)
Euripides~ Who dares not speak his free thoughts is a slave.
Mark Twain~ Quitting smoking is easy Ive done it hundreds of times.
Love is the beauty of the soul. -St. Augustine
Joe Moore~ As a nation we are dedicated to keeping physically fit and parking as close to the stadium as possible.
Saint Thomas Aquinas~ Beware the man of one book.
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi
Albanian Proverb~ When you have given nothing ask for nothing.
It is not, how much you know...It is making the best use of what you know !
John Muir~ When one tugs at a single thing in nature he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Sir Winston Churchill~ Never hold discussions with the monkey when the organ grinder is in the room.
Leonardo DaVinci~ Just as iron rusts from disuse even so does inaction spoil the intellect.
B. A. Billingsly~ Marriage is our last best chance to grow up.
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses. -Ziggy
La Rochefoucauld~ When we are in love we often doubt that which we most believe.
Kenneth Tynan~ A neurosis is a secret that you dont know you are keeping.
Andr Maurois~ The first recipe for happiness is Avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.
There can never be a computer language in which you cannot write a bad program.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends. - Herbert Hoover
When matters are desperate we must put on a desperate face. - Robert Burn
Every creative act involves...a new innocence of perception, liberated from the cataract of accepted belief. -Arthur Koestler
William Shakespeare~ We are advertisd by our loving friends.
Yiddish Proverb~ He who cant endure the bad will not live to see the good.
The people who holler "All power to the people!" want power to be handed to the people who holler "All power to the people!".
Clive James~ Television is simultaneously blamed often by the same people for worsening the world and for being powerless to change it.
As we advance in life we learn the limits of our abilities. - James A. Froude
Timothy Leary~ There are three side effects of acid. Enchanced long term memory decreased short term memory and I forget the third.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure. -Edward Eggleston
Osbert Sitwell~ I have always said that if I were a rich man I would employ a profesional praiser.
If you give 100%, God will make up the difference!
Cato the Elder~ Even though work stops expenses run on.
John Anthony Ciardi~ Every game ever invented by mankind is a way of making things hard for the fun of it
Henry Bromel~ They say dreams are the windows of the soul - take a peek and you can see the inner workings the nuts and bolts.
Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for. -Dag Hammerskjold
Martin Luther~ A man cannot do good before he is made good.
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not? -Stanislaw J. Lec
Carl Sandburg~ The fog comes on little cat feet. It sits looking over harbor and city on silent haunches and then moves on.
Child Age ~ Ive learned that if you want to cheer yourself up you should try cheering someone else up.
Pamela Ribon~ When you live in Texas every single time you see snow its magical.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened. -Billy Graham
Peter Lynch~ Everyone has the brainpower to follow the stock market. If you made it through fifth-grade math you can do it.
The cure for anger is delay. -Seneca
Sir Winston Churchill~ It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
Francis Bacon~ In charity there is no excess.
A good leader needs to have a compass in his head and a bar of steel in his heart. -Robert Townsend
John Burroughs~ A man can fail many times but he isnt a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back. -Wayne Dyer
Saint Francis de Sales~ There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.
Non-ambiguity is the shaping force of reality. -Joseph Pierce
A jury consists of twelve people chosen to decide who has the best lawyer.
For good or ill, your conversation is your advertisement. Every time you open your mouth you let the people look into your mind.
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in an argument. - William Gibbs McAdoo
Friedrich Nietzsche~ Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he doesnt become a monster.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
Charles De Gaulle~ How can one conceive of a one-party system in a country that has over varieties of cheeses
Buddha~ All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
Man "I'm here to fulfill your every sexual fantasy." Woman "You mean you've got both a donkey and a Great Dane?"
What three two-letter words denote "small"? ... "Is it in?"
C. Ryland~ Dont ask silly questions if you dont want foolish answers.
A colt is worth little if it does not break its halter. -Proverb
Farmers Almanac~ To err is human but to really foul things up requires a computer.
Unknown~ Never be afraid to try something new remember amateurs built the ark professionals built the Titanic.
Will Rogers~ The best doctor in the world is the veterinarian. He cant ask his patients what is the matter-hes got to just know.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ We are never deceived we deceive ourselves.
William James~ Our belief at the beginning of a doubtful undertaking is the one thing that assures the successful outcome of any venture.
The best bridge between hope and despair is often a good night's sleep.
Seneca~ As long as you live keep learning how to live.
Doug Larson~ If the English language made any sense lackadaisical would have something to do with a shortage of flowers.
Abraham Lincoln~ Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them
Jeff Melvoin~ The law is not so much carved in stone as it is written in water flowing in and out with the tide.
Be as friendly to the janitor as you are to the chairman of the board.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ To wish to be well is a part of becoming well.
Anonymous~ Whatever you undertake act with prudence and consider the consequences.
Phaedrus~ Aggression unchallenged is aggression unleashed.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money. (Bernard Meltzer)
Our greatest good, and what we least can spare, is hope. -Abraham Cowley
A strong passion... will insure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means. -Willam Hazlitt
Tom Robbins~ If little else the brain is an educational toy.
Orison Swett Marden~ Whatever our creed we feel that no good deed can by any possibility go unrewarded no evil deed unpunished.
Diana Black~ If dogs could talk perhaps wed find it just as hard to get along with them as we do with people.
e e cummings~ It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are.
Bernard Berenson~ Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago.
The time to ensure that the toilet works is before you really need it.
Jilly Cooper~ The male is a domestic animal which if treated with firmness can be trained to do most things.
Act enthusiastic and you become enthusiastic. -Dale Carnegie
Eddie Cantor~ Truth or tact You have to choose. Most times they are not compatible.
People of genius whenever they are faced with misfortune find resources within themselves. -Brouhours
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe. -St. Augustine
Anderson H. Scruggs~ Yet after brick and steel and stone are gone and flesh and blood are dust the dream lives on.
John Andrew Holmes~ The universe is not hostile nor yet is it unfriendly. It is simply indifferent.
The moment of enlightenment is when a person's dreams of possibilities become images of probabilities. -Vic Braden
John Lehman~ Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat.
Feed you faith and your doubts will starve to death!
Without friends, no one would want to live, even if he had all other goods. -Aristotle
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ What would be the use of immortality to a person who cannot use well a half an hour.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
Oscar Levant~ The only difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that the Democrats allow the poor to be corrupt too.
In gambling the many must lose in order that the few may win. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Don't think of words when you stop but to see the picture better. -Jack Kerouac
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Love and you shall be loved.
Aesop~ Appearances often are deceiving.
Goldie Nash~ Blood may be thicker than water but love is thicker than anything.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -Napoleon Hill
Praise your children openly, reprove them secretly. (W. Cecil)
It is difficult to "go with the flow" when you are swimming upstream.
To simplify complications is the first essential of success. - George Earle Buckle
Isaac Asimov~ If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live I wouldnt brood. Id type a little faster.
Jean de la Bruyere~ Dont wait to be happy to laugh... You may die and never have laughed
Garth Henrichs~ One does not make friends. One recognizes them.
The one who is not communist till the age of 25 doesn't have heart and the one who is communist after 25 doesn't have brain !. - Bhalchandra
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Things that have a common quality ever quickly seek their kind.
Jerry Coleman~ Hats off to drug abusers everywhere.
Albert Einstein~ The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
Victoria Holt~ Never regret. If its good its wonderful. If its bad its experience.
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything. -Theodore Roosevelt
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say. -Will Durant
Hope is the dream of the waking man. -Aristotle
David Joseph Schwartz~ All great achievements require time.
Matt Ghaffari~ I looked up and saw my flag. But I didnt hear my anthem. (about the award ceremony Atlanta Olympics)
Dazed and Confused~ Wooderson Thats what I like about these high school girls I keep getting older they stay the same age.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ I speak the truth not so much as I would but as much as I dare and I dare a little more as I grow older.
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated. -Leland Bartlett
No matter how hard the loss, defeat might serve as well as victory to shape the soul and let the glory out. -Al Gore
Fear not that thy life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning. -John Henry Cardinal
Henry Van Dyke~ Use what talent you possess the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
Samuel Butler~ To live is like love all reason is against it and all healthy instinct for it.
Donald Sinden~ An actor who knows his business ought to be able to make the London telephone directory sound enthralling.
It is unfulfilled dreams that keep you alive. -Robert Schuller
Ray Knight~ Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary.
Teo Chee Huen~ I am who I am You are who you are So be who you are not what you are.
Homer~ Of men who have a sense of honor more come through alive than are slain but from those who flee comes neither glory nor any help.
The journey is the reward. -Tao Saying
If you believe everything you read, don't read (chinese proverb)
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto. -W. Clement Stone
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ You know what makes good hair for a snow man REAL hair. Dont ask me why but it works.
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. -Albert Einstein
Martin Mull~ Human beings are seventy percent water and with some the rest is collagen.
Voltaire~ We are rarely proud when we are alone.
Make no mistake, my friend, it takes more than money to make men rich. -A. P. Gouthey
If I could define enlightenment briefly I would say it is "the quiet acceptance of what is.". -Wayne Dyer
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Nothing can resist the human will that will stake even its existence on its stated purpose.
Be at peace with yourself first and then you will be able to bring peace to others. (Thomas A. Kempis)
How an engineer writes a program: Start by debugging an empty file...
If I keep a green bough in my heart, the singing bird will come. -Chinese Proverb
Unknown~ SMILE GOD LOVES YOU
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince. -Vincent Lombardi
Romanian Proverb~ When a thing is done advice comes too late.
Money is an excellent servant, but a horrible master.
They cannot take away our self-respect if we do not give it to them. -Mahatma Gandhi
Albert Einstein~ Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing.
Julius Henry Marx~ I have nothing but confidence in you and very little of that.
Tom Landry~ Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan.
Stanislaw Lec~ Thoughts like fleas jump from man to man but they dont bite everybody.
Tanielle Naus~ A kiss is the physical transgression of the mental connection which has already taken place.
Miguel de Cervantes~ What a man has so much he is sure of.
Woody Allen~ Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
Wim Wenders~ The more opinions you have the less you see.
Everyone hears what you say, Friends listen to what you say, Best friends listen to what you don't say.
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
Herman Melville~ It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
The mind is like a parachute, it's no good unless it's open!
More doors are opened with "please" than with keys.
Nikita Khrushchev~ Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river.
Keri Hulme~ Its the possibility that when youre dead you might still go on hurting that bothers me.
You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin
Agnes de Mille~ The truest expression of a people is in its dance and music.
H.L. Mencken~ It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf.
F. H. Bradley~ The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring. And that is not happiness.
William Shakespeare~ I feel within me a peace above all earthly dignities a still and quiet conscience.
Jose Ortega y Gasset~ Life is a series of collisions with the future it is not the sum of what we have been but what we yearn to be.
Kindness is the light that dissolves all walls between souls, families, and nations. -Paramahansa Yogananda
Hesiod~ Mans chiefest treasure is a sparing tongue.
George Wald~ A physicist is an atoms way of knowing about atoms.
Rather than trying to find the right person, try being the right person.
We find comfort among those who agree with us-growth among those who don't. -Frank A. Clark
Every great and commanding movement in the annals of the world is the triumph of enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Not our activity for Him but our captivity to Him!
Las~ I know where were going I just dont know where that IS
The propeller is just a big fan to keep the pilot cool. Want proof? Make it stop; then watch the pilot break out into a sweat.
Hindustani Proverb~ Eating while seated makes one of large size eating while standing makes one strong.
John V. Politis~ We come and go just like ripples in a stream.
The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you. -Elmer Davis
When one door of happiness closes, another opens. -Helen Keller
The best way to get back on your feet: miss a car payment.
Ray Douglas Bradbury~ You dont have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
Grant Wood~ All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
Herodotus~ Haste in every business brings failures.
A truly creative person rids him or herself of all self-imposed limitations. -Gerald G Jampolsky
Make no judgments where you have no compassion. (Anne McCaffrey)
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
Love all, trust a few. Do wrong to none. -William Shakespeare
John Locke~ Where all is but dream reasoning and arguments are of no use truth and knowledge nothing.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. -Max Depree
Miguel de Cervantes~ There are only two families in the world the Haves and Have-Nots.
Dynamics of Goal Setting, Success Motivation Institute. -Ben Sweetland
Woodrow Wilson~ The world must be made safe for democracy. Its peace must be planted upon the tested foundations of political liberty.
Jerry Coleman~ Montreal leads Atlanta by three -.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ The public is a ferocious beast - one must either chain it up or flee from it.
Arabic Proverb~ If you have much give of your wealth if you have little give of your heart.
Peter Ustinov~ In America through pressure of conformity there is freedom of choice but nothing to choose from.
Anthony Burgess~ We all need money but there are degrees of desperation.
Aristotle~ We make war that we may live in peace.
Carol Burnett~ Celebrity was a long time in coming it will go away. Everything goes away.
Bill Cosby~ Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home.
Rose Dorothy Franken~ Anyone can be passionate but it takes real lovers to be silly.
Jerry Maguire~ Ray Dyou know that the human head weighs pounds
Love and Time: The only two things in all of life and all the world that cannot be bought, but spent.
Hume Cronyn~ The whole business of marshaling ones energies becomes more and more important as one grows older.
A painting in a museum probably hears more foolish remarks than anything else in the world. -Edmond and Jules De Goncourt
Hugh Elliott~ All people want is someone to listen.
Oliver L. North~ I dont think there is another person in America that wants to tell this story as much as I do. (Invoking Fifth Amendment)
Saul Bellow~ A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep.
Hellen Keller~ People do not like to think. If one thinks one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.
W. C. Sellar~ For every person who wants to teach there are approximately thirty people who dont want to learn - much.
The New England conscience doesn't keep you from doing what you shouldn't-it just keeps you from enjoying it. -Cleveland Amory
Charles Caleb Colton~ Men are born with two eyes but only one tongue in order that they should see twice as much as they say.
In cities no one is quiet but many are lonely. In the country, people are quiet but few are lonely. (Geoffrey F. Fisher)
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel. -Napoleon Hill
Don't count the days, make the days count. (Mohammed Ali)
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one. ~ Jack Yelton
Paul Eldridge~ In the spider-web of facts many a truth is strangled.
Hannah Arendt~ Equality...is the result of human organization. We are not born equal.
G. K. Chesterton~ There is no such thing on earth as an uninteresting subject the only thing that can exist is an uninterested person.
You've got to be before you can do, and do before you can have. -Zig Ziglar
Bob Hope~ If you watch a game its fun. If you play at it its recreation. If you work at it its golf.
Mark Twain~ Necessity is the mother of taking chances.
They that sow in tears shall reap joy. [Psalms 126:5]. - Bible
Things never go so well that one should have no fear, and never so ill that one should have no hope. -Turkish proverb
Walk the words you talk and talk the words you walk.
Kristen Ashley Roth~ Hate no one for hate is a starving beast who has just found its prey.
Edward George Bulwer-Lytton~ Talent does what it can genius does what it must.
Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up. - Anonymous
La Rochefoucauld~ There are very few people who are not ashamed of having been in love when they no longer love each other.
Horace~ The appearance of right oft leads us wrong.
Don't feel sad...don't feel blue...Frankenstein was ugly too...
Pearls lie not on the seashore. If thou desirest one thou must dive for it. -Chinese Proverb
Sophocles~ Knowledge must come through action you can have no test which is not fanciful save by trial.
William Jennings Bryan~ No one can earn a million dollars honestly.
Mahatma Gandhi~ Live as if your were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Austin Powers International Man of Mystery~ Austin Powers Do I make you horny Randy Do I make you horny baby yeah do I
George Bernard Shaw~ First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ The world moves and ideas that were once good are not always good.
Josh Billings~ After enlightenment the laundry.
Margaret Mead~ Sooner or later Im going to die but Im not going to retire.
What do butterflies feel when they're in love?
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone. -Blaise Pascal
Montesquieu~ Author A fool who not content with having bored those who have lived with him insists on tormenting generations to come.
Chauncey Wright~ What a fearful object a long-neglected duty gets to be
M. F. K. Fisher~ Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly.
Phillips Brooks~ Christianity helps us face the music even when we dont like the tune.
Don't find fault. Find a remedy. -Henry Ford
William Blake~ Energy is eternal delight.
John Barrymore~ Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock.
Charles Feidelson Jr.~ Life is a series of little deaths out of which life always returns.
Carl Barzun~ The test and use of a mans education is that he finds pleasure in the exercise of his mind.
Lao Tzu~ The Eternal generates the One. The One generates the Two. The Two generates the Three. The Three generates all things.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace. -Amelia Earhart
John Guarrine~ Life is Gods joke on us. Its our mission to figure out the punchline.
Margaret Fuller~ Only the dreamer shall understand realities though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
F. F. Bosworth~ Believe your beliefs and doubt your doubts.
Othal Brand~ Sure its going to kill a lot of people but they may be dying of something else anyway.
The heart that loves is always young. (Greek proverb)
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ The pleasure of love is in loving.
Allison Kearney~ Laughter is complete rapture vocalized.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Mankind must put an end to war or war will put an end to mankind.
The quality of the imagination is to flow and not to freeze. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
John Ruskin~ I believe the first test of a truly great man is his humility.
Arnold J. Toynbee~ To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization.
Richard Willard Armour~ Middle age is the time of life that a man first notices in his wife.
Kahlil Gibran~ You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.
Samuel Butler~ For truth is precious and divine Too rich a pearl for carnal swine.
I wrote a song, but I can't read music. Every time I hear a new song on the radio, I think "Hey, maybe I wrote that."
Tennessee Williams~ You can be young without money but you cant be old without it.
T. S. Eliot~ I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make. -Truman Capote
Kahlil Gibran~ He who requires urging to do a noble act will never accomplish it.
Tolerance and celebration of individual differences is the fire that fuels lasting love. -Tom Hannah
Napoleon Bonaparte~ An army marches on its stomach.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ We become wiser by adversity prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
Robin Quivers~ Its essential that a part of you not grow up. Childhood wonder gives us our spark and beauty.
When we have begun to take charge of our lives, to own ourselves, there is no longer any need to ask permission of someone. -George O'Neil
Dante Alighieri~ O human race born to fly upward wherefore at a little wind dost thou fall.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. -Leo Buscaglia
P. J. ORourke~ A little government and a little luck are necessary in life but only a fool trusts either of them.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Youth is a blunder Manhood a struggle Old Age a regret.
I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone. -Bill William Henry Cosby
William Shakespeare~ Reputation is an idle and most false imposition oft got without merit and lost without deserving.
Rebecca West~ Before a war military science seems a real science like astronomy but after a war it seems more like astrology.
John Viscount Morley~ It is not enough to do good one must do it the right way.
Terence~ Homo sum humani nil a me alienum puto.(I am a man I hold that nothing human is alien to me.)
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. -Simone De Beauvoir
Cardinal Mermillod~ A mother is she who can take the place of all others but whose place no one else can take.
Chinese Proverb~ One dog barks at something the rest bark at him.
Milton Friedman~ Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
It is the mind that maketh good of ill, that maketh wretch or happy, rich or poor. -Edmund Spenser
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. -Booker T. Washington
Arthur Schopenhauer~ Talent hits a target no one else can hit Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ The present is the necessary product of all the past the necessary cause of all the future.
Happiness is not a goal, it is a by-product. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Mark S. Hertzog~ There are authors who write to communicate there are authors who write to impress themselves.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ I can tell you honest friend what to believe believe life it teaches better than book or orator.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Let thine occupations be few saith the sage if thou wouldst lead a tranquil life.
Natalie Clifford Barney~ Why grab possessions like thieves or divide them like socialists when you can ignore them like wise men
Gaius Julius Caesar~ Gallia est omnis divisa in partres tres. (All Gaul is divided into three parts)
Charles Baudelaire~ There exist only three beings worthy of respect the priest the soldier the poet. To know to kill to create.
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. -William James
Albert Pike~ What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
Albert Einstein~ The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears for theres no risk of accident for someone whos dead.
Andre Maurois~ Above all things never be afraid. The enemy who forces you to retreat is himself afraid of you at that very moment.
Kenneth Hartley Blanchard~ Marriage is like signing a -page contract without knowing whats in it.
Laertius Diogenes~ Nothing can be produced out of nothing.
Arnold Glasgow~ Nothing lasts forever - not even your troubles.
There are no substitutes for fresh air, sunshine and exercise.
Isaac Goldberg~ Diplomacy is to do and say The nastiest thing in the nicest way.
Susan Sontag~ AIDS obliges people to think of sex as having possibly the direst consequences suicide. Or murder.
Successful leaders have the courage to take action while others hesitate. -John C. Maxwell
F Scott~ Grown up and that is a terribly hard thing to do. It is much easier to skip it and go from one childhood to another.~ );
Writing is an occupation in which you have to keep proving your talent to those who have none. -Jules Renard
It is better to forget and smile, than to remember and be sad.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one getting burned. -Buddha
John Heywood~ A hard beginning maketh a good ending.
Johnny Carson~ I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
Aristotle~ Without friends no one would choose to live though he had all other goods.
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate. -Hubert H. Humphrey
Don't think it, ink it. -Mark Victor Hansen
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
Elie Wiesel~ I dont believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.
Bill Watterson~ Who was the guy who first looked at a cow and said I think Ill drink whatever comes out of these things when I squeeze em
Solon~ Reprove thy friend privately commend him publicly.
Crow The~ Eric Draven Its not a good day to be a bad guy.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. - Lynda Barry
O you much partial gods! Why gave ye men affections, and not power To govern them? - Ludovick Barry
Oscar Wilde~ Arguments are to be avoided they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Be not curious in unnecessary matters: for more things are shrewd unto thee than men understand. - Bible
I've only been jogging once and feel ten years older already.
And there begins a lang digression About the lords o' the creation. - Robert Burns
Wystan Hugh Auden~ Geniuses are the luckiest of mortals because what they must do is the same as what they most want to do.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. (Mark Twain)
Leon Trotsky~ Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck. -Anthony Robbins
If you are not getting as much from life as you want to, then examine the state of your enthusiasm. -Norman Vincent Peale
Men stumble over pebbles, never over mountains. -Emilie Cady
Judge not a man by his clothes, but by his wife's clothes. - Thomas Robert Dewar
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them. -Bernard M. Baruch
There is but one cause of human failure. And that is man's lack of faith in his true self. -William James
Real Live Preacher~ Memory is a giggling sprite and will not be tamed. She takes flight the moment the present becomes the past.
Queen Juliana~ I cant understand it. I cant even understand the people who can understand it.
Never marry a man who hates his mother, because he'll end up hating you. - Jill Bennett
It is far better to be alone, than to wish you were.
To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness. - John Dewey
Think no vice so small that you may commit it, and no virtue so small that you may over look it. - Confucius
A man is what he thinks about all day long. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
French Proverb~ He is rich who owes nothing.
Ralph Nader~ Our founders did not oust George III in order for us to crown Richard I.
Berthold Auerbach~ Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
If you can't laugh at yourself, you may be missing the joke of the century.
Can't never did anything but fail (Mr. Eaton)
It is not the employer who pays wages- he only handles the money...It is the product that pays wages.
Odell Shepard~ It is always wise as it is also fair to test a man by the standards of his own day and not by those of another.
Any program that runs right is obsolete.
William Shakespeare~ The fool doth think he is wise but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ I dwell in possibility.
People are not disturbed by things, but by the view they take of them. -Epictetus
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. -William M Bulger
Jeanne-Marie Roland~ The feeble tremble before opinion the foolish defy it the wise judge it the skillful direct it.
Rupert Brooke~ Breathless we flung us on a windy hill Laughed in the sun and kissed the lovely grass.
John Fletcher~ Death hath so many doors to let out life.
The only time you don't fail is the last time you try anything - and it works. -William Strong
Advice for the day: If you have a headache, do what it says on the aspirin bottle: Take two, and keep away from children.
The one unchangeable certainty is that nothing is unchangeable or certain. -John F Kennedy
Oliver Cromwell~ I beseech you in the bowels of Christ think it possible you may be mistaken.
Elizabeth Kenny~ Its better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
Gertrude Stein~ F. Scott Fitzgerald is the first of the last generation.
The pessimist complains about the direction of the wind, the optimist expects the direction to change, but the leader simply adjusts the sails!
Imagination is not a talent of some men, but is the health of every man. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Elbert Hubbard~ Dont take life too seriously. Youll never get out of it alive.
A man who thinks he is smarter than his wife, has a very smart wife!
Walter Elliott~ Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after another.
Unknown~ Everyone hears what you say Friends listen to what you say Best friends listen to what you dont say.
Andrew Schneider~ I always admired atheists. I think it takes a lot of faith.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.
Adelle Davis~ Eat breakfast like a king lunch like a prince and dinner like a pauper.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.~ Live so that when your children think of fairness and integrity They think of you.
Edith Ann~ They tell me I have got a mind of my own but sometimes its like my mind itself has its own mind.
Dan Bellack~ Life is too short for traffic.
John M. Ford~ Were not lost. Were locationally challenged.
William Wordsworth~ She was a phantom of delight When first she gleamd upon my sight A lovely apparition sent To be a moments ornament.
Harry Emerson Fosdick~ Dont simply retire from something have something to retire to.
Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N)
Luck never gives; it only lends. ~ Swedish Proverb
Bill T. Jones~ Living and dying is not the big issue. The big issue is what youre going to do with your time while you are here.
Belief is truth held in the mind; faith is a fire in the heart. -Joseph Fort Newton
Alfred Edward Perlman~ Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the st century.
Peter Ustinov~ Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Enthusiasm moves the world. -Arthur James Balfour
Keep thy shop, and thy shop will keep thee. Light gains make heavy purses. 'Tis good to be merry and wise. - George Chapman
Colley Cibber~ Our hours in love have wings in absence crutches.
Don't tell God how big your problems are...tell your problems how big your God is.
Periander~ Practice is everythingThis is often misquoted as Practice makes perfect.
Homer~ If you are very valiant it is a god I think who gave you this gift.
Leon Botstein~ Marriage is the wastepaper basket of the emotions.
Pearl Sydenstricker Buck~ Hunger makes thief of any man.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ Its like deja vu all over again.
A dose of adversity is often as needful as a dose of medicine. -American Proverb
Anacharsis Cloots~ Bad mind bad heart.
Confucius~ The scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
Reading the Bible without meditating on it is like trying to eat without swallowing.
It is a fine thing to have ability, but the ability to discover ability in others is the true test. -Elbert Hubbard
Joan Walsh Anglund~ Friendships begin because even without words we understand how someone feels.
William Rotsler~ You cannot hold back a good laugh any more than you can the tide. Both are forces of nature.
Sophocles~ How dreadful knowledge of the truth can be When theres no help in truth
What do you call an anorexic with thrush? A quarter pounder with cheese!
Marcel Proust~ Things dont change but by and by our wishes change.
Wayne Gretzky~ I skate to where the puck is going to be not to where it has been.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
B. J. Gupta~ Man talking confidently about God is like a toy talking confidently about man.
John Buchan~ I believe that all wisdom consists in caring immensely for a few right things and not caring a straw about the rest.
William Hazlitt~ When a thing ceases to be a subject of controversy it ceases to be a subject of interest.
Rita Rudner~ I was going to have cosmetic surgery until I noticed that the doctors office was full of portraits by Picasso.
It is necessary to try to surpass one's self always; this occupation ought to last as long as life. -Queen Christina
French Proverb~ To understand all is to forgive all.
William T. Cummings~ There are no athiests in foxholes.
Anon.~ A program is a spell cast over a computer turning input into error messages.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. -Napoleon Hill
Mark Twain~ Work is a necessary evil to be avoided.
It's always too early to quit. -Norman Vincent Peale
Sigmund Freud~ Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ No guest is so welcome in a friends house that he will not become a nuisance after three days.
Albert Camus~ You cannot acquire experience by making experiments. You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ To strive with an equal is dangerous with a superior mad with an inferior degrading.
Thomas Hardy~ A resolution to avoid an evil is seldom framed till the evil is so far advanced as to make avoidance impossible.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Life is a gift of the immortal Gods but living well is the gift of philosophy.
John Davidson Rockefeller Sr.~ I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others. -Gerald G Jampolsky
Fairfield Osborne~ We do not live to extenuate the miseries of the past nor to accept as incurable those of the present.
Anatole France~ It is better to understand little than to understand a lot.
Never measure the height of a mountain, until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was. -Dag Hammarskjold
Aristotle~ Time crumbles things everything grows old under the power of Time and is forgotten through the lapse of Time.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ The countenance is the portrait of the soul and the eyes mark its intentions.
Frantz Fanos~ For violence like Achilles lance can heal the wounds it has inflicted.
Sit next to a pretty girl for an hour it seems like a minute. Sit on a red-hot stove for a minute it seems like an hour. That's relativity.
George Stanley McGovern~ The whole campaign was a tragic case of mistaken identity.
Albert Einstein~ Truth is what stands the test of experience.
Vincent Van Gogh~ A good picture is equivalent to a good deed.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Man has his will - but woman has her way.
Unknown~ To handle yourself use your head To handle others use your heart.
They never fail who die in a great cause. -George Gordon, Lord Byron
Mary Kay Ash~ Give yourself something to work toward - constantly.
We can admire what we see, but we can only love what we truly know.
The foundation of relationships is based on the premise of mutual purpose.
Charlie Chaplin~ All I need to make a comedy is a park a policeman and a pretty girl.
William Ralph Inge~ It is astonishing with how little wisdom mankind can be governed when that little wisdom is its own.
Thomas Wolfe~ You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money compliments or publicity.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Religion is regarded by the common people as true by the wise as false and by the rulers as useful.
William Wadsworth~ Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart...
Buses stop at bus stations, trains at train stations, my desk has a workstation.
Take charge of your attitude. Don't let someone else choose it for you. -Anonymous
My eyes make pictures when they are shut. -Samuel T. Coleridge
Martin Gore~ When I write love songs people think theyre really soppy - but I see love as a consolation for the boredom of life.
Sarah Ban Breathnach~ Always remember that striving and struggle precede success even in the dictionary.
Epictetus~ A child understands fear and the hurt and hate it brings.
All you have to do is know where you're going. The answers will come to you of their own accord. -Earl Nightingale
George MacDonald~ Work is not always required. There is such a thing as sacred idleness.
Lao Tzu~ One who is too insistent on his own views finds few to agree with him.
Experience teaches only the teachable. - Vernon Law
When you stop having dreams and ideals - well, you might as well stop altogether. -Marian Anderson
Love is the only fire hot enough to melt the iron obstinacy of a creature's will.
At the evening service tonight, the sermon topic will be "What is hell? Come early and listen to our choir practice.
Latin Proverb~ Live your own life for you will die your own death.
Alex Levin~ The reason there is so little crime in Germany is that its against the law.
If you add a little to a little, and then do it again, soon that little shall be much. -Hesiod
David Smith~ In this business you either sink or swim or you dont.
Emily Dickinson~ My friends are my estate.
La Rochefoucauld~ Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought. -Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Like dealing with Dad-all give and no take. (On negotiating with Soviet Premier Nikita S Khrushchev)
Piero Ferrucci~ Eliminate something superfluous from your life. Break a habit. Do something that makes you feel insecure.
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice. -Confucius
Miguel Cerbantes~ Truth may be stretched but cannot be broken and always gets above falsehood as does oil above water.
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. -Anonymous
The first rule of focus is this: Wherever you are, be there. -Unknown Author
Nothing is terrible except fear itself. -Francis Bacon
William Shakespeare~ Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind.
Willie Tyler~ The reason lightning doesnt strike twice in the same place is that the same place isnt there the second time.
Emmet Fox~ Stop thinking about your difficulties whatever they are and start thinking about God instead.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing. -Elbert Hubbard
Andr Malraux~ And when man faces destiny destiny ends and man comes into his own.
There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend. -Katharine Butler Hathaway
When small men begin to cast long shadows, it is a sure sign that the sun is setting. -Anonymous
Mao Zedong~ Passivity is fatal to us. Our goal is to make the enemy passive.
Judith Martin~ Let us make a special effort to stop communicating with each other so we can have some conversation.
It is not so important who starts the game but who finishes it. -John Wooden
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a Guinness, I was so disgusted I spit out my pina colada!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Friedrich von Schiller~ With stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
Friendship should not be sought, but is usually found both by chance and good luck.
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. - Lucanus
Aesop~ Be content with your lot one cannot be first in everything.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. (James Dean)
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Advice is like snow the softer it falls the longer it dwells upon and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
Rudolf Franz Flesch~ Johnny couldnt read ... for the simple reason that nobody ever showed him how.
We won't even attempt to achieve what we do not believe at a deep level we can have or deserve. -Ruth Ross
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Tennessee Williams~ Make voyages - Attempt them - theres nothing else...
Joan Didion~ Character - the willingness to accept responsibility for ones own life - is the source from which self respect springs.
He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things. -Edward F. Halifax
Thomas Carlyle~ Nothing that was worthy in the past departs no truth or goodness realized by man ever dies or can die.
It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time to time, of playful deeds and jokes. -Thomas Aquinas
Anon.~ Old programmers never die. They just cant C as well.
Will Durant~ Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget everything except what youre going to do now and do it.
David Grayson~ Life is too brief. I had a friend whom I intended to know better. Yesterday he died.
Oscar Wilde~ I like persons better than principles and I like persons with no principles better than anything else in the world.
Flavius Vegetius Renatus~ Let him who desires peace prepare for war.
Henry David Thoreau~ The language of friendship is not words but meanings. It is an intelligence about language.
Anthony DAngelo~ Develop a passion for learning. If you do you will never cease to grow.
Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever. -June Masters Bacher
One player practicing sportsmanship is far better than 50 preaching it. -Knute Rockne
Adele Brookman~ Use your imagination not to scare yourself to death but to inspire yourself to life.
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life. -Les Brown
Marvin Minksy~ Imagine what it would be like if TV actually were good. It would be the end of everything we know.
Theocritus of Chios~ Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
Dan Quayle~ Illegitimacy is something we should talk about in terms of not having it.
Yesterday is a canceled check; tomorrow is a promissory note; today is the only cash you have-so spend it wisely. -Kay Lyons
Seneca~ Nothing is as certain as that the vices of leisure are gotten rid of by being busy.
Neil Peart~ If you choose not to decide - you still have made a choice
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing and then marry him. -Cher
Lord John Russell~ A proverb is the wisdom of many and the wit of one.
When you take things for granted, the things you are granted, get taken. (Phil Hennessy)
Benjamin Disraeli~ Time is precious but truth is more precious than time.
Henry Adams~ Whatever happens at all happens as it should thou wilt find this true if thou shouldst watch closely.
Friedrich Nietzsche~ The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.
Kane OHara~ When the judgements weak The prejudice is strong.
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing. -Meister Eckhart
Sometimes it's easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
Those who talk don't know, those who know don't talk......
Richard Diran~ I have a rock garden. Last week three of them died.
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
Archibald Cox~ A great many college graduates come here thinking of lawyers as social engineers arguing the great Constitutional issues.
Better keep yourself clean and bright. You are the window through which you must see the world. -George Bernard Shaw
Danish proverb~ Good men must die but death cannot kill their names.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done. -David Lloyd George
The basic building block of good communications is the feeling that every human being is unique and of value. -Unknown author
Fred Hoyle~ Space isnt remote at all. Its only an hours drive away if your car could go straight upwards.
Kathleen A. Sutton~ When you cant have what you want its time to start wanting what you have.
Alexander Penney~ The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but hold hands.
John Lancaster Spalding~ Do definite good first of all to yourself then to definite persons.
Reggie Jackson~ Fans dont boo nobodies.
Real Live Preacher~ You can forget a lot of things but you cannot forget a womans name and claim to love her.
It's easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
George W. Bush~ You know whats interesting about Washington Its the kind of place where second-guessing has become second nature.
You can't ever be really free if you admire somebody too much. -Tove Jansson, Tales from Moominvalley
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes by making them the fruit of his character.
Latin Proverb~ If the wind will not serve take to the oars.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ The noblest search is the search for excellence.
Peace is not the absence of trouble, but the presence of God. (Steve Dow)
Rudyard Kipling~ We have forty million reasons for failure but not a single excuse.
A politician will find an excuse to get out of anything, except office.
Francis Bacon~ They are ill discoverers that think there is no land when they can see nothing but sea.
Kahlil Gibran~ Knowledge cultivates your seeds and does not sow in you seeds.
A diet is a selection of food that makes other people lose weight.
Susan Jeffers~ We have been taught to believe that negative equals realistic and positive equals unrealistic.
No man is capable of self-improvement if he sees no other model but himself. -Conrado I. Generoso
Wisdom has two parts: 1) Having a lot to say. 2) Not saying it.
Dorothea Lange~ The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.
Douglas H. Everett~ Knowing where to lead people is not the same as convincing them to follow you.
Tom Masson~ Think of what would happen to us in America if there were no humorists life would be one long Congressional Record.
Lack of forgiveness causes almost all of our self-sabotaging behavior. -Mark Victor Hansen
Mark McClinchie~ Always question. Always analyze. But in the end suspend judgment until youve been there. Live it to learn it.
Herbert Spencer~ Education has for its object the formation of character.
Those who have accepted Christ in their life don't need to ask for more of Christ, they need to let Christ have more of them.
To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun? -Katherine Graham
Rita Rudner~ Someday I want to be rich. Some people get so rich they lose all respect for humanity. Thats how rich I want to be.
In those days he was wiser than he is now - he used frequently to take my advice. - Winston Churchill
Woody Allen~ To you Im an atheist to God Im the Loyal Opposition.
Saint Francis de Sales~ Do not wish to be anything but what you are And try to be that perfectly.
True love is not based on what you have, but it is based on who you really are.
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment. -Lao Tzu
Money talks. I'll not deny. I heard it once. It said good-bye.
Tim Robbins~ Every man dies. Not every man lives.
You will never win if you never begin. -Robert Schuller
Money is flat and was meant to be piled up. -Scottish Proverb
Cicero~ By force of arms.
William Shakespeare~ To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first.
Julius Caesar~ Men willingly believe what they wish.
Roy Croft~ I love youNot only for what you areBut for what I amWhen I am with you.
Clive~ To find a fault is easy to do better may be difficult.
J Danforth Quayle~ What a waste it is to lose ones mind - or not to have a mind. How true that is.
Reach up as far as you can and God will help you reach the rest of the way. -Greg Hickman
Anne Tyler~ People always call it luck when youve acted more sensibly than they have.
Jean Baptiste Lacordaire~ Real excellence and humility are not incompatible one with the other on the contrary they are twin sisters.
Sir Winston Churchill~ From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
Bill Watterson~ Why waste time learning when ignorance is instantaneous - Calvin
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ There is no genius free from some tincture of madness.
Life is like a roll of toilet paper. The closer you get to the end the faster it goes.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
To have joy one must share it. Happiness was born a twin. -Lord Byron
Vernon Sanders Law~ Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards.
A person who can speak many languages is not necessarily more valuable than a person who can listen in one.
Pam Brown~ Odd how much it hurts when a friend moves away- and leaves behind only silence.
Heinrich Heine~ The Romans would never have found time to conquer the world if they had been obliged first to learn Latin.
Dignity belongs to the conquered. - Kenneth Burke
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals. -Jim Rohn
T. S. Eliot~ Only those who will risk going too far Can possibly find out how far one can go.
Forget those things that aren't worth remembering. -Tim Foley
Never say "OOPS!" always say "Ah, Interesting!"
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
Doubt is the beginning, not the end, of wisdom. - George Iles
Joseph Alsop~ Gratitude like love is never a dependable international emotion.
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh~ ...Him that I love I wish to be free - even from me.
W. Somerset Maugham~ The unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones.
I am not religious, I just love the Lord.
Charles Dickens~ It was the best of times it was the worst of times.
You can't make your candle burn brighter by blowing out the other fellow's.
Thessalonians Bible~ Rejoice evermore. In every thing give thanks for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.
Always plan ahead. It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark. -Richard C. Cushing
I don't think so, therefore I'm probably not. (Alan Smithee)
H. R. Schaffer~ There isnothing to suggest that mothering cannot be shared by several people.
Sweat plus sacrifice equals success. -Charles O. Finley
Yoda~ Do or do not there is no try.
It is taken me all my life to understand that it is not necessary to understand everything. (Rene Coty)
In modern business it is not the crook who is to be feared most, it is the honest man who doesn't know what he is doing. - William Wordsworth
Baltasar Gracian~ It is impossible to live without brains either ones own or borrowed.
Mark Twain~ A man is accepted into church for what he believes - and turned out for what he knows.
Hospitality is making your guests feel at home - even when you wish they were.
Laurence J. Peter~ Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to believe.
Obstinacy in opinions holds the dogmatist in the chains of error, without the hope of emancipation. -John C. Granville
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Darkness cannot drive out darkness only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate only love can do that.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ When you give each other everything it becomes an even trade. Each wins all.
Theodor Seuss Geisel~ Today is your day Your mountain is waiting. So... get on your way.
Stanton Delaplane~ How much money did you make last year Mail it in. suggestion for a simplified tax form
Kurt Vonnegut~ Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.
Graham Green~ There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets in the future.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ To hold a pen is to be at war.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ The world has suffered more from the ravages of ill-advised marriages than from virginity.
Know and believe in yourself, and what others think won't disturb you. -William Feather
Thomas Jefferson~ I do not take a single newspaper nor read one a month and I feel myself infinitely the happier for it.
Remember boys, flies spread disease so keep yours closed. (General Taylor)
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought. - Basho
Peggy Noonan~ You dont have to be old in America to say of a world you lived in That world is gone.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Broken promises dont upset me. I just think why did they believe me
The body of a sensualist is the coffin of a dead soul. - Christian Nevell Bovee
Chester Bowles~ Government is too big and too important to be left to the politicians.
W. Somerset Maugham~ When you choose your friends dont be short-changed by choosing personality over character.
George Orwell~ People sleep peacably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.
Conan Doyle~ It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
Van Wyck Brooks~ The man who has the courage of his platitudes is always a successful man.
The basic rule of free enterprise: You must give in order to get. -Scott Alexander
He who is plenteously provided for from within needs but little from without. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Leonardo DaVinci~ Every obstacle yields to stern resolve.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ The dead cannot cry out for justice it is a duty of the living to do so for them.
Joseph Addison~ Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week.
John W. Gardner~ We are continually faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Thou art a cat and a rat and a coward.
Never say anything unless it is kind, necessary and true.
Frederick Douglas~ A gentleman will not insult me and no man not a gentleman can insult me.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step. It is always the same step but you have to take it.
Desiderius Erasmus~ The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.
Danish proverb~ Bad is never good until worse happens.
He who finds diamonds must grapple in mud and mire because diamonds are not found in polished stones. They are made. -Henry B. Wilson
Malcolm Forbes~ Its so much easier to suggest solutions when you dont know too much about the problem.
Chinese Proverb~ Make happy those who are near and those who are far will come.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct. (Benjamin Disraeli)
Ronnie Shakes~ I like life. Its something to do.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ A sense of humor is part of the art of leadership of getting along with people of getting things done.
Benjamin Franklin~ He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
Those who can, do. Those who cannot, teach. Those who cannot teach, HACK!
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -Jimmy Dean
The right to do something does not mean that doing it is right. -William Safire
Wayne Van Dyck~ The speciality of the future is generalism.
Mario M Cuomo~ You campaign in poetry. You govern in prose.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher~ Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy.
Robert G. Ingersoll~ There is no slavery but ignorance.
Buddha~ Everything changes nothing remains without change.
You can always draw as well as you know how to. I flatter myself that I feel more than I express on canvas; but I know that is not so.
Guy Albert Lombardo~ Many a man wishes he were strong enough to tear a telephone book in half-especially if he has a teenage daughter.
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
We don't have to change friends if we understand that friends change.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself; nothing, but the triumph of principles. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Albert von Szent-Gyorgyi~ A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
Terminator Judgment Day~ The Terminator Hasta la vista baby.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
Milton Berle~ Laughter is an instant vacation
Gertrude Stein~ What is the answer I was silent. In that case what is the question
Hellen Keller~ Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Carl Gustav Jung~ Nothing worse could happen to one than to be completely understood.
Just do what you do best. - Red Auerbach
Good manners are like traffic rules for society. -Michael Levine
Dag Hammarskjld~ Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was.
Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honor lies. -Alexander Pope
Samuel Johnson~ A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
Wherever you are - be all there. (Jim Elliot)
I find it unusual that it is more socially acceptable to complain about what you have than it is to ask for what you want. -Phil Lout
When you get married you forget about kissing other women. - Pat Boone
Sophocles~ To him who is in fear everything rustles.
Seneca~ The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean, but the ocean would be less because of that missing drop. (Mother Teresa)
Enthusiasm is that secret and harmonious spirit which hovers over the production of genius. -Isaac Disraeli
Edward Tufte~ There are only two industries that refer to their customers as users.
Tim McGraw~ We all take different paths in life but no matter where we go we take a little of each other everywhere.
Matthew Henry~ Those who complain most are most to be complained of.
Kenneth Chang~ A market is the combined behavior of thousands of people responding to information misinformation and whim.
Mark Twain~ One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
William Arthur Ward~ The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails.
Jose Simon~ In Mexico we have a word for sushi Bait.
Julius Henry Marx~ My mother loved children - she would have given anything if I had been one.
Anger is what makes a clear mind seem clouded. - Kazi Shams
There are no strangers in this world, just friends we've never met.
Arthur Schopenhauer~ Honor has not to be won it must only not be lost.
Douglas Adams~ Life is wasted on the living.
Georges Bernanos~ The first sign of corruption in a society that is still alive is that the end justifies the means.
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven. -John Milton
Benjamin Franklin~ If you know how to spend less than you get you have the philosophers stone.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Every hero becomes a bore at last.
Will Rogers~ Being a hero is about the shortest-lived profession on earth.
Cicero~ The welfare of the people is the ultimate law.
Understanding brings control. - Bonewitz
George Santayana~ Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness.
Oprah Winfrey~ Let your light shine. Shine within you so that it can shine on someone else. Let your light shine.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ The hour which gives us life begins to take it away. - Hercules Furens
Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain; again begin this, and thou wilt have finished. - Decimus Magnus Ausonius
Joe Moore~ Money is a strange thing. It ranks with love as our greatest source of joy and with death as our greatest source of anxiety.
W. H. Murray~ ...the more the soul knows the more she loves and loving much she tastes much.
The older I get, the smarter my Dad gets. (Mark Twain)
George Santayana~ To knock a thing down especially if it is cocked at an arrogant angle is a deep delight of the blood.
Mickey Mouse~ Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
Kahlil Gibran~ Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Peter Sellers~ There used to be a real me but I had it surgically removed.
Aesop~ There is always someone worse off than yourself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Better to be a nettle in the side of your friend than his echo.
The greatest fool of all is the man who fools himself.
Denis Watley~ Expect the best plan for the worst and prepare to be surprised.
Laurence J. Peter~ Competence like truth beauty and contact lenses is in the eye of the beholder.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violen trevolution inevitable.
Presence is more than just being there. If your absence doesn't make any difference, your presence won't either.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. -Helen Keller
Stay committed to your decisions; but stay flexible in your approach. -Tony Robbins
Wally Lamb~ Accept what people offer. Drink their milkshakes. Take their love.
Roger Lewin~ Too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve.
Amos Bronson Alcott~ STAY is a charming word in a friends vocabulary.
Chinese Proverb~ With true friends...even water drunk together is sweet enough.
George Bernard Shaw~ If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton you may as well make it dance.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam. I looked into the soul of the boy next to me. (Woody Allen)
Oprah Winfrey~ Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possiblity.
Henry David Thoreau~ I stand in awe of my body.
Mao Tse Tung~ Every good communist should know that political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
He whom love touches not walks in darkness. -Plato
The flower of kindness will grow. Maybe not now, but it will some day. And in kind that kindness will flow, For kindness grows in this way
Robertson Davies~ A happy childhood has spoiled many a promising life.
Saul Bellow~ If women are expected to do the same work as men we must teach them the same things.
Athenus~ Goodness does not consist in greatness but greatness in goodness.
I am a lucky man. -Christopher Reeve
Bertrand Russell~ Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power.
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ Man does not live by words alone despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
A weird thing about humans is we work till we're sick to get a fortune, then pay a fortune to get well again.
Anthony Powell~ Parents are sometimes a bit of a disappointment to their children. They dont fulfill the promise of their early years.
It is a shameful thing for the soul to faint while the body still perseveres. -Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow. -Aesop
If you load responsibility on a man unworthy of it he will always betray himself. - August Heckscher
You foolish man, you don't even know your own foolish business. - Philip Dormer Stanhope
Lillian Hellman~ If I had to give young writers advice I would say dont listen to writers talking about writing or themselves.
Will Rogers~ The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has.
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
William Pickens~ Living together is an art.
G. K. Chesterton~ Music with dinner is an insult both to the cook and the violinist.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ The presidency has many problems but boredom is the least of them.
A leader is a dealer in hope. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Michel de Montaigne~ I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going. (P. J. O-Rourke)
Stephen Stills~ There are three things men can do with women love them suffer for them or turn them into literature.
Picture in your mind a sense of personal destiny. -Wayne Oates
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
Henri Frdric Amiel~ All appears to change when we change.
If you can't excell with talent, triumph with effort. - Unknown
A man, when he wishes, is the master of his fate. -Jose Ferrer
Bruce Barton~ If you can give your son or daughter only one gift let it be enthusiasm.
James Arthur Baldwin~ The price one pays for pursuing a profession or calling is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
Victor Borge~ Ah Mozart He was happily married - but his wife wasnt.
Learning hath gained most by those books by which the printers have lost. - Thomas Fuller
Richard Lamm~ Politics like theater is one of those things where youve got to be wise enough to know when to leave.
Isabelle Eberhardt~ The farther behind I leave the past the closer I am to forging my own character.
Evelle J. Younger~ An incompetent attorney can delay a trial for months or years. A competent attorney can delay one even longer.
John le Carre~ A desk is a dangerous place from which to watch the world.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ History is fables agreed upon.
Availability is better than ability for God.
Why is it that the uneducated minds always criticize the brilliant minds? (Kelly Nelson)
Milton Friedman~ History suggests that Capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom.
Anne Elizabeth OHare McCormick~ Today the real test of power is not capacity to make war but the capacity to prevent it.
Big results require big ambitions. -James Champy
Who dares nothing, need hope for nothing. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Shirley Chisholm~ I dont measure America by its achievement but by its potential.
John Simon~ Democracy encourages the majority to decide things about which the majority is ignorant.
Johann von Goethe~ Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity.
Two brothers were discussing Adam and Eve. The 8-year-old asked: "How did Adam and Eve die?" And the 4-year-old said: "They ate bad fruit."
Opportunity rarely knocks on your door. Knock rather on opportunity's door if you ardently wish to enter. -B. C. Forbes
Ben Stein~ The human spirit needs to accomplish to achieve to triumph to be happy.
Dan Zadra~ Worry is a misuse of imagination.
Fill your house with gold and jade, and it can no longer be guarded. -Tao Saying
Patricia Russell-McCloud~ Life is an escalator You can move forward or backward you can not remain still.
Rather fall with honor than succeed by fraud. -Sophocles
Alfred Victor Vigny~ Greatness is the dream of youth realized in old age.
Harriet Martineau~ We do not believe in immortality because we can prove it but we try to prove it because we cannot help believing it.
Demades~ Modesty is the citadel of beauty.
Sometimes in our confusion, we see not the world as it is, but the world though eyes blurred by the mind. - Unknown
I have discovered the whole problem with the National Debt. Most of us work 5 days a week, and the government spends 7.
Telling someone the truth is a loving act. -Mal Pancoast
William Shakespeare~ You cram these words into mine ears against the stomach of my sense.
Six essential qualities are the key to success: sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity. -William Menninger
Lawrence Peter Berra~ When you come to a fork in the road take it.
Don't make someone a priority, who only makes you an option.
One of the most valuable things we can do to heal one another is listen to each other's stories. -Rebecca Falls
James M. Cain~ The postman always rings twice.
When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves. -Confucius
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Trust men and they will be true to you treat them greatly and they will show themselves great.
Jane Austen~ To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
Plato~ So as this only point among the rest remaineth sure and certain namely that nothing is certain.
Hunter S. Thompson~ I hate to advocate drugs alcohol violence or insanity to anyone but theyve always worked for me.
You don't gamble to win. You gamble so you can gamble the next day. ~ Bert Ambrose Band leader
Jeanne Phillips~ All the worlds a cage.
I've learned that when you're in love, it shows. - Andy Rooney
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
A master can tell you what he expects of you. A teacher, though, awakens your own expectations. -Patricia Neal
George Bernard Shaw~ He who has never hoped can never despair.
Losers make promises they often break. Winners make commitments they always keep. -Denis Waitley
The only weapon that becomes sharper with constant use is the tongue. - Anonymous
Oliver L. North~ Im like John Wayne. I only play good guys.
Anon.~ Real programmers dont write in PLI. PLI is for programmers who cant decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
May your love be filled with life and may your life be filled with love. (old wedding toast)
John M. Eades~ There are some days I practice positive thinking and other days Im not positive I am thinking.
Steven Wright~ I have an existential map. It has You are here written all over it.
I have all the money I'll ever need - if I die by 4 today. (Henny Youngman)
Plato~ They certainly give very strange names to diseases.
Adversity is the foundation of virtue. -Japanese proverb
Jonathan Swift~ How is it possible to expect mankind to take advice when they will not so much as take warning
Terence~ I am a man I hold that nothing human is alien to me.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it. -Josephus Daniels
Juvenal~ Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends.
Albert Einstein~ Make everything as simple as possible but not simpler.
I must do something always solves more problems than Something must be done. -Unknown Author
Handicapped is not helpless.
Aesop~ Little friends may prove great friends.
African Proverb~ Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.
Jacques Martin Barzun~ The test and the use of mans education is that he finds pleasure in the exercise of his mind.
Abigail Adams~ We have too many high sounding words and too few actions that correspond with them.
William H. McNeill~ My job is to bore you and let the hardness of your seat and the warmth of your robe prepare you for what is to come.
Fred Allen~ I cant understand why a person will take a year to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
When I sit down at my writing desk, time seems to vanish. I think it's a wonderful way to spend one's life. -Erica Jong
Beautiful hands are those that do.....deeds that are noble, good, and true.
Women like silent men. They think they're listening. (Marcel Archard)
The world is a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. (Sean O'Casey)
J Danforth Quayle~ Were going to have the best-educated American people in the world.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation. -Peter F. Drucker
Georges Bataille~ Literature ... is the rediscovery of childhood.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. -Walter Winchell
Many of us spend our lives searching for success when it is usually so close that we can reach out and touch it. -Russel H. Conwell
Firesign Theatre~ Hello seeker Now dont feel alone here in the New Age because theres a seeker born every minute.
Miguel de Cervantes~ I must follow him through thick and thin.
Life is too short to long for money.
Thomas Alva Edison~ Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Phyllis Mcginley~ A hobby a day keeps the doldrums away.
Peter Ustinov~ Laughter would be bereaved if snobbery died.
If you are living out of a sense of obligation you are slave. -Wayne Dyer
William Makepeace Thackeray~ To love and win is the best thing to love and lose the next best.
Francis Bacon~ Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ By taking this action I hope that I will have hastened the start of the healing.
To the timid soul, nothing is possible. -John Bach
Manly P. Hall~ The way of heaven can be known and experienced through the heart.
J. C. Watts~ Everyone tries to define this thing called Character. Its not hard. Character is doing whats right when nobodys looking.
Mahatma Gandhi~ Honest differences are often a healthy sign of progress.
Publilius Syrus~ Speech is a mirror of the soul as a man speaks so is he.
Feodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky~ Oh if only I did nothing simply as a result of laziness.
John Lennon~ Love is a promise love is a souvenir once given never forgotten never let it disappear.
Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness. -George Orwell
John Ray~ Though thou has never so many counselors yet do not forsake the counsel of your soul.
English Proverb~ Use soft words and hard arguments.
Bill Cosby~ You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything - even poverty - you can survive it.
Henry David Thoreau~ There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at its root.
If you don't want your children to hear what you're saying, pretend you're speaking directly to them.
Henry Louis Mencken~ Bachelors know more about women than married men if they didnt theyd be married too.
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will. -James Stephens
In every age and clime we see, Two of a trade can ne'er agree. - John Gay
If you want to win a race you have to go a little berserk. -Bill Rodgers
Sir Walter Raleigh~ But true love is a durable fire In the mind ever burning Never sick never old never dead From itself never turning.
Writing is a craft not an art. -William Zinsser
Rob Brown~ If all the world is a stage and life is just a play upon it get me two seats in the stalls.
Walter Bagehot~ The greatest mistake is trying to be more agreeable than you can be.
It is a poor workman who blames his tools.
William Ralph Inge~ Many people believe they are attracted by God or by Nature when they are only repelled by man.
Phyllis Bottome~ There are two ways of meeting difficulties You alter the difficulties or you alter yourself to meet them.
Conte Vittorio Alfieri~ What we plan we build.
Willa Cather~ There are some things you learn best in calm and some in storm.
George Eliot~ Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
Robin Morgan~ Dont accept rides from strange men and remember that all men are strange.
Albert Einstein~ Reality is merely an illusion albeit a very persistent one.
The wrongdoer is more unfortunate than the man wronged. -Democritus
Frank Herbert~ Respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality.
Ramsey Clark~ Who will protect the public when the police violate the law
Chinese Proverb~ He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
Unknown~ If an artist is not able to commit himself totally to his art how can he expect the world to do so
Arthur Powell Davies~ The world is now too small for anything but brotherhood.
Henri Frdric Amiel~ Doubt of the reality of love ends by making us doubt everything.
Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would not have chosen a suit by it. (Maurice Chevalier)
An idea not coupled with action will never get any bigger than the brain cell it occupied. -Arnold Glascow
William Shakespeare~ When he is best he is a little worse than a man and when he is worst he is little better than a beast.
Seneca~ To be always fortunate and to pass through life with a soul that has never known sorrow is to be ignorant of one half of nature.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost. - H.
La Rochefoucauld~ Were we faultless we would not derive such satisfaction from remarking the faults of others.
Holly Lisle~ The only place you will be accepted is the place you make for yourself.
Johann von Goethe~ Everybody wants to be somebody nobody wants to grow.
Robert D. Sprecht~ Under any conditions anywhere whatever you are doing there is some ordinance under which you can be booked.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ To handle yourself use your head To handle others use your heart.
You are not in business to be popular. - Kirstie Alley
Jim Goodwin~ The impossible is often the untried.
Paterculus~ His intelligence seized on a subject his genius embraced it his eloquence illuminated it.
Miles Davis~ A legend is an old man with a cane known for what he used to do. Im still doing it.
Irvin S. Cobb~ If writers were good businessmen theyd have too much sense to be writers.
Chaim Weizmann~ A law is something which must have a moral basis so that there is an inner compelling force for every citizen to obey.
T-shirt: My heart belongs to Daddy. . .and so do my credit cards!
Sir Thomas More~ Rules only make sense if they are both kept and broken. Breaking the rule is one way of observing it.
J Danforth Quayle~ You do the policy Ill do the politics.
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires and fears is more than a king. -John Milton
Made~ Ricky Heres bucks take this in case I get drunk and call you a bitch later.
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Finley Peter Dunne
One with God is a majority. (Billy Graham)
You may have grown old, but you may not have grown up.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Leadership and learning are indispensible to each other.
Homer~ Do thou restrain the haughty spirit in thy breast for better far is gentle courtesy.
Saint Augustine~ We make ourselves a ladder out of our vices if we trample the vices themselves underfoot.
Emile Coue~ Every day in every way I am getting better and better.
Philip James Bailey~ It matters not how long we live but how.
Edmund Burke~ The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ When you strike at a king you must kill him.
Walker Percy~ We love those who know the worst of us and dont turn their faces away.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -Albert Einstein
Misfortune shows those who are not really friends. -Aristotle
Henry Miller~ Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation. . .The other eight are unimportant.
There would be no passion in this world if we never had to fight for what we love. - Susie Switzer
Pir Vilayat Inayat Khan~ We first have to find the way of freedom from involvement before we can introduce freedom in involvement.
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get. -Ray Kroc
Keep your business affairs in your own hands. It's the only way to be happy. -Martha Washington
Marcel Proust~ Desire makes everything blossom possession makes everything wither and fade.
Unknown~ Success has many fathers but failure is an orphan.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ Poverty must not be a bar to learning and learning must offer an escape from poverty.
Oscar Wilde~ Some cause happiness wherever they go others whenever they go.
The measure of a man is not the number of servants he has, but the number of people he serves.
Edith Ann~ I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.
Al Capone~ You can get a lot farther with a kind word and a gun than a kind word alone.
Oliver Schreiner~ There was never a great man who had not a great mother
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
Clarence Darrow~ To think is to differ.
Sarah Knowles Bolton~ Be absolutely determined to enjoy what you do.
Albert Einstein~ As long as there are sovereign nations possessing great power war is inevitable.
W. Kelly Griffith~ Any necessary work that pays an honest wage carries its own honor and dignity.
Cyril Connolly~ The dread of loneliness is greater than the fear of bondage so we get married.
Vice is a creature of such hideous mien... that the more you see it the better you like it. - Finley Peter Dunne
Don't be irreplaceable - if you can't be replaced, you won't be promoted.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. -Frank Lloyd Wright
If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got.
Francis Bacon~ We read that we ought to forgive our enemies but we do not read that we ought to forgive our friends.
Christopher Reeve~ Either you decide to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out in the ocean.
Joseph Farrell~ As experience widens one begins to see how much upon a level all human things are.
William Penn~ Never marry but for love but see that thou lovest what is lovely.
Inch by inch life's a cinch. Yard by yard life is hard.
Mother Theresa~ If you judge people you have no time to love them.
Unknown~ It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
Benjamin Disraeli~ It destroys ones nerves to be amiable everyday to the same human being.
Arnold Glasgow~ The future is the past returning through another gate.
Haitian Proverb~ If work were good for you the rich would leave none for the poor.
Polish Proverb~ Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day.
Days are scrolls: Write on them only what you want remembered. -Bach Ya-ibn Pakuda
Every great man is always being helped by everybody; for his gift is to get good out of all things and all persons. -John Ruskin
Rose Dorothy Freeman~ Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited.
Black Hawk~ If you treat a sick child like an adult and a sick adult like a child everything usually works out pretty well.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Thats the nature of women not to love when we love them and to love when we love them not.
The most useless are those who never change through the years. -James Barrie
German proverb~ God gives the nuts but he does not crack them.
Sophocles~ How dreadful it is when the right judge judges wrong
Love is like the measles. The older you get it, the worse the attack. - Rainer Maria Rilke
James Abram Garfield~ All free governments are managed by the combined wisdom and folly of the people.
Whitney Balliett~ A critic is a bunch of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
Margaret Mead~ For the very first time the young are seeing history being made before it is censored by their elders.
Blaise Pascal~ Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from a religious conviction.
William James~ The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
You're biggest expense is the money you don't make. -Pante
W. H. Auden~ Some books are undeservedly forgotten none are undeservedly remembered.
Oprah Winfrey~ Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
Courage is knowing what not to fear. -Plato
William Ralph Inge~ A nation is a society united by delusions about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbors.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose. - William Shakespeare
Thomas Dekker~ Sleep is the golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
To withdraw myself from myself has ever been my sole, my entire, my sincere motive in scribbling at all. -Lord Byron
Stephen William Hawking~ God not only plays dice he throws them in the corner where you cant see them.
Sonny Bono~ Dont cling to fame. Youre just borrowing it. Its like money. Youre going to die and somebody else is going to get it.
T. S. Eliot~ Immature poets imitate mature poets steal.
Marie Curie~ One never notices what has been done one can only see what remains to be done.
If I had my life to live over I would have taken the time to listen to my grandfather ramble about his youth. (Erma Bombeck)
Navajo Chant~ The mountains I become a part of it... The morning mists the clouds the gathering waters I become a part of it.
Shaquille ONeal~ Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you repeatedly do.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. -Vincent Lombardi
Clive Staples Lewis~ It is when we notice the dirt that God is most present in us.
Kahlil Gibran~ Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.
Cicero~ The absolute good is not a matter of opinion but of nature.
Lord Chesterfield~ Common sense is the best sense I know of.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose words and actions show that he knows where he is going. -Napoleon Hill
William Butler Yeats~ One should not lose ones temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. (Einstein)
Barbara Tuchman~ Dead battles like dead generals hold the military mind in their dead grip.
Margaret Halsey~ Some people talk because they think sound is more manageable than silence.
Every person that comes into our life comes for a reason, some come to learn and others come to teach. - Unknown
The difficult part in an argument is not to defend one's opinion but rather to know it. - Andre Maurois
Every time I type 'win', I loose ...
Dixie Lee Ray~ A nuclear power plant is infinently safer than eating because people choke to death on food every year.
Morris Mandel~ The darkest hour has only minutes.
Thomas Jefferson~ It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
Henry S. Haskins~ The time to stop talking is when the other person nods his head affirmatively but says nothing.
D. A. Battista~ The scars you acquire by exercising courage Will never make you feel inferior.
Aldous Huxley~ The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age which means never losing your enthusiasm.
W. Somerset Maugham~ It is salutary to train oneself to be no more affected by censure than by praise.
I add this, that rational ability without education has oftener raised man to glory and virtue, than education without natural ability.
May Sarton~ We are able to laugh when we achieve detachment if only for a moment.
Dr. Seuss~ From there to here and here to there funny things are everywhere.
Listening, not imitation, may be the sincerest form of flattery. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
Be ye fishers of men, you catch them - He will clean them.
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh~ To give without any reward or any notice has a special quality of its own.
Elizabeth Janeway~ We dont get offered crises they arrive.
Charles Hodge~ The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.
Every situation-nay, every moment-is of infinite worth; for it is the representative of a whole eternity. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Walter Savage Landor~ We are no longer happy as soon as we wish to be happier.
Marcus Valerius Martialis~ It is feeling and force of imagination that make us eloquent.
The love we give away is the only love we keep. -Elbert Hubbard
An adolescent is a person who acts like a baby when they aren't treated like an adult.
Tears are the baptism of the soul.
Success is a matter of adjusting one's efforts to obstacles and one's abilities to a service needed by others. -Henry Ford
Catfish Hunter~ Winning isnt everything. Wanting to is.
At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.
Immanuel Kant~ Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Henry David Thoreau~ To reget deeply is to live afresh.
When you make a mistake, admit it. If you don't, you only make matters worse. -Ward Cleaver
Dylan Thomas~ An alcoholic is someone you dont like who drinks as much as you do.
Presence is more than just being there. -Malcolm S. Forbes
Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try. -Mary Kay Ash
One principle reason why men are so often useless is that they divide and shift their attention among a multiplicity of objects and pursuits.
Time is a great healer, but it's also a lousy beautician.
Thomas Fuller~ Enquire not what boils in anothers pot.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work. - Kahlil Gibran
Thomas Fuller~ The grave is the general meeting place.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ What comes from the heart goes to the heart.
Al Capone~ You can go a long way with a smile. You can go a lot farther with a smile and a gun.
Jerry Coleman~ Mike Caldwell the Padres right-handed southpaw will pitch tonight.
Joseph F. Newton~ A duty dodged is like a debt unpaid it is only deferred and we must come back and settle the account at last.
What is a "free" gift? Aren't all gifts free?
Kindness has converted more sinners, than zeal, eloquence or learning. (F. W. Faber)
There are 2 fools in every market: one asks too little, one asks too much. (Russian proverb)
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Every man is as Heaven made him and sometimes a great deal worse.
Benjamin Nnamdi Azikiwe~ It is better we disintegrate in peace and not in pieces.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Almost all really new ideas have a certain aspect of foolishness when they are first produced.
Francis Edwards~ Alls fair in love and war.
Don't forget until too late that the business of life is not business, but living. -B. C. Forbes
Unknown~ A hero is an ordinary person who performs an ordinary task In an extraordinary situation.
Euripides~ In case of dissension never dare to judge till youve heard the other side.
Alan Coren~ Television is more interesting than people. If it were not we would have people standing in the corners of our rooms.
Shirley MacLaine~ The more I traveled the more I realized that fear makes strangers of people who should be friends.
Albert Einstein~ The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
Oscar Wilde~ Only dull people are brilliant at breakfast.
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting system through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
Thomas Paine~ Such is the irresistible nature of truth that all it asks and all it wants is the liberty of appearing.
Sophocles~ The keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities.
Bertrand Russell~ There is much pleasure ot be gained from useless knowledge.
A friend is a person before whom I may think aloud. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. -Ovid
English Proverb~ Let him make use of instinct who cannot make use of reason.
George Baker~ The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
Ezra Pound~ Properly we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in ones hand.
Christopher Morley~ There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.
Strip us of our skin and we are all the same within.
Walt Kelly~ Now is the time for all good men to come to.
Charles Fox~ Pleasure and love are the pinions of great deeds.
Robert Byrne~ Getting caught is the mother of invention.
Andr Gide~ Believe those who are seeking the truth doubt those who find it.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. -Wayne Dyer
Ron Weber~ If it is too good to be true....it is probably a fraud.
Every bug you find is the last one.
Sometimes the majority only means that all the fools are on the same side.
William Zinsser~ What I want to do is make people laugh so that theyll see things seriously.
Sophocles~ What you cannot enforce do not command.
Muhammad Ali~ Its just a job. Grass grows birds fly waves pound the sand. I just beat people up.
He who has put a good finish to his undertaking is said to have placed a golden crown to the whole. -Eustachius
The probability that we may fail in struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. -Abraham Lincoln
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ It is not enough to conquer one must learn to seduce.
Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. -Napoleon Hill
Ingrid Bengis~ For me words are a form of action capable of influencing change.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Better is the enemy of good.
Sir Thomas More~ Friendship demands attention.
Thomas Wolfe~ Culture is the arts elevated to a set of beliefs.
The only thing I like about the stones that come in my way is, once I pass across them, they automatically become my milestones!
Dante Alighieri~ Theres not the least thing can be said or done but people will talk and find fault.
Georges Jacques Danton~ Audacity more audacity and always audacity.
Voltaire~ A witty saying proves nothing.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ The glory of great men should always be measured by the means they have used to acquire it.
Make yourself indispensable, and you will move up. Act as though you are indispensable, and you will move out. -Jules Ormont
A man never discloses his own character so clearly as when he describes another's. -Jean Paul Richter
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor kind of business. -Henry Ford
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. -Ralph Marston
William Shakespeare~ How sharper than a serpents tooth it is To have a thankless child
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Mark Twain~ I am opposed to millionaires but it would be dangerous to offer me the position.
It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. -Anthony Robbins
He who breaks a thing to find out what it is, has left the path of wisdom. (J.R.R. Tolkien)
I know of only one duty, and that is to love. -Albert Camus
If you're afraid to die, you will not be able to live. -James Baldwin
George Eliot~ Blessed is the influence of one true loving human soul on another.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.
American Proverb~ Opportunity doesnt knock. You knock opportunity answers.
Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart. (Henry Ward Beecher)
Albert Camus~ Its a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.
Doug Larson~ A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
Samuel Goldwyn~ Spare no expense to make everything as economical as possible.
The significant problems we face in life can not be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein
Paul Aubuchon~ She knows theres no success like failure And that failures no success at all.
Harry S Truman~ How far would have Moses gone if he had taken a poll in Egypt
Father Larry Lorenzoni~ The average person thinks he isnt.
George Gordon Byron~ It is odd but agitation or contest of any kind gives a rebound to my spirits and sets me up for a time.
Hubert Humphrey~ Men in earnest have no time to waste In patching fig-leaves for the naked truth.
James Barrie~ The printing press is either the greatest blessing or the greatest curse of modern times sometimes one forgets which it is.
If the truth be known, most successes are built on a multitude of failures. -Author unknown
Unknown~ Real solutions are discovered only where they actually exist Within the individuals own essence.
Michael Caine~ Be like a duck. Calm on the surface but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Lloyd Jones~ The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.
If you love something set it free....If it comes back to you it is yours, if it doesn't than it was never meant to be.
Joseph Conrad~ Words as is well known are great foes of reality.
You always pass failure on the way to success. -Mickey Rooney
Alan Bleasdale~ Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
John Owen~ No men can be lords of our faith though they may be helpers of our joy.
My love is like a cabbage, divided into two, The leaves I give to others but the heart I give to you.
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half. -Gracie Allen
Epicurus~ Justice is a contract of expediency entered upon to prevent men harming or being harmed.
Peter Ustinov~ People who reach the top of the tree are only those who havent got the qualifications to detain them at the bottom.
Charles Du Bos~ The important thing is this to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ Many wealthy people are little more than janitors of their possessions.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy. -Brian Tracy
Peter Singer~ All the arguments to prove mans superiority cannot shatter this hard fact in suffering the animals are our equals.
The Dhammapada~ Travel only with thy equals or thy betters if there are none travel alone.
Bob Edwards~ A little learning is a dangerous thing but a lot of ignorance is just as bad.
Henry VII Cate~ The problem with political jokes is they get elected.
Every failure made me more confident. Because I wanted even more to achieve as revenge, to show that I could. -Roman Polanski
Jean Anouilh~ Saintliness is also a temptation.
The greatest strength a champion can hold is humility. (Vince Lombardi)
Friedrich Nietzsche~ One must have a good memory to be able to keep the promises one makes.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Fear is sharp-sighted and can see things under ground and much more in the skies.
Laurence J. Peter~ An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didnt happen today.
e e cummings~ Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
Calvin Coolidge~ I think the American public wants a solemn ass as a President and I think Ill go along with them.
The live in wisdom who see themselves in all and all in them, who have renounced every selfish desire and sense craving tormenting the heart
Socrates~ Not life but good life is to be chiefly valued.
Vince Lombardi~ Praise in public criticize in private.
Love your enemies just in case your friends turn out to be a bunch of bastards. -R A Dickson
An inferiority complex is a conviction by a jury of your fears. -Author unknown
The box said: 'install on Windows 95, NT 4.0 or better'. So I installed it on Linux.
Louis A. Berman~ A good teacher is a master of simplification and an enemy of simplism.
Clarence Darrow~ With all their faults trade-unions have done more for humanity than any other organization of men that ever existed.
Greek Proverb~ A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.
Sally Kempton~ It is hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head.
Bible~ Blessed is the man that endureth temptation for when he is tried he shall receive the crown of life.
Ideas are funny little things. They don't work unless you do. -Anonymous
Since I have smashed my denominational glasses, I have a better vision of who Christ is.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Irish Proverb~ Youve got to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Time ripens all things. No man is born wise.
Assyrian Proverb~ Ask a lot but take what is offered.
Love and you shall be loved. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Harriet Beecher Stowe~ The truth is the kindest thing we can give folks in the end.
Petrarch~ Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together.
Friendship is Love without his wings! -Byron
Bias~ Make wisdom your provision for the journey from youth to old age for it is a more certain support than all other possessions.
La Rochefoucauld~ True love is like ghosts which everybody talks about and few have seen.
Hamilton Mabie~ Dont be afraid of opposition. Remember a kite rises against not with the wind.
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style. -Quentin Crisp
Men of genius are admired, men of wealth are envied, men of power are feared; but only men of character are trusted. -Alfred Adler
Passion: there are many things in life that will catch your eye, but only a few will catch your heart...pursue those.
Nothing gives a person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function. -Garrison Keillor
Benjamin Franklin~ To err is human to repent divine to persist devilish.
Aesop~ Plodding wins the race.
Robert J. Sawyer~ Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more. -Dr. Jonas Salk
Henry David Thoreau~ I say beware of all enterprises that require new clothes and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost. -Charles Caleb Colton
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. -Seneca
Charles De Gaulle~ The better I get to know men the more I find myself loving dogs.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Little said is soonest mended.
To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girlfriends. (Benjamin Franklin)
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.
Elizabeth II~ It is easy enough to define what the Commonwealth is not. Indeed this is quite a popular pastime.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ My strength is as the strength of ten Because my heart is pure.
Money is nice, yet nice is worth more.
Cleobulus~ Learn to bear bravely changes of fortune.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. -Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Charles De Gaulle~ Deliberation is the function of many action is the function of one.
Cicero~ Liberty is rendered even more precious by the recollection of servitude.
Benjamin Franklin~ By heaven we understand a state of happiness infinite in degree and endless in duration.
Yiddish Proverb~ A snake deserves no pity.
Albert Einstein~ Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love.
The truth will set you free...but first, it will make you miserable.
God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones. -Dwight L. Moody
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work. -Pearl S. Buck
J. K. Rowling~ Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Joseph Baretti~ I hate mankind for I think myself one of the best of them and I know how bad I am.
Robin Norwood~ Make your own recovery the first priority in your life.
John F. Kennedy~ Liberty without learning is always in peril learning without liberty is always in vain.
If success attend me, grant me humility; If failure, resignation to Thy will. (David Livingstone)
John Patrick~ Pain makes man think. Thought makes man wise. Wisdom makes life endurable.
W. C. Fields~ Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Eric Hoffer~ Rudeness is the weak mans imitation of strength.
He that would have the fruit must climb the tree. -Gandhi
Rich Kulawiec~ Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
Please all, and you will please none. -Aesop
Will Durant~ The health of nations is more important than the wealth of nations.
Victor Hugo~ Forty is the old age of youth fifty is the youth of old age.
Bill Cosby~ I dont know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings. -Lord Chesterfield
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Things we not hope for often come to pass than things we wish.
Love is blind. Marriage is the eye-opener.
Daniel H. Burnham~ Make no little plans they have no magic to stir mens blood...Make big plans aim high in hope and work.
Charlie Brown~ Ive developed a new philosophy... I only dread one day at a time.
William Jefferson Clinton~ You can put wings on a pig but you dont make it an eagle.
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them. -François de la Rochefoucauld
To cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life. -Samuel Johnson
Tell me who you love, and I'll tell you who you are. -Creole proverb
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato
Maxim Gorky~ When work is a pleasure life is a joy When work is a duty life is slavery.
Being defeated is often only a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent. -Marilyn vos Savant
If the human race wants to go to hell in a basket, technology can help it get there by jet. -Charles M. Allen
When someone close to u dies... move seats
Bernard Berenson~ Miracles happen to those who believe in them.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ I believe in God only I spell it Nature.
When you aim for perfection, you discover it's a moving target. -Geoffrey F. Fisher
Leo Rosten~ I never cease being dumbfounded by the unbelievable things people believe.
Fate decides who walks into your life, you decide who you let stay, who you let walk away, and who you refuse to let walk out.
John A. Field~ I have been both rich and poor - while I have respect for both I am unimpressed and unawed by both as well.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ If you wish to be a sucess in the world promise everything deliver nothing.
Walter Savage Landor~ Music is Gods gift to man the only art of Heaven given to earth the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
William Cecil Burleigh~ Win hearts and you have all mens hands and purses.
James Arthur Baldwin~ Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Henry Ford~ People can have the Model T in any colour - so long as its black.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ To measure the man measure his heart.
Win with humility; lose with grace.
John Dickinson~ Then join hand in hand brave Americans allBy uniting we stand by dividing we fall.
Robert Orben~ Quit worrying about your health. Itll go away.
William Shakespeare~ Beware the ides of March.
Many speak the truth when they say that they despise riches, but they mean the riches possessed by others. -Charles Caleb Colton
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. -Edwin Markham
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist. - King George V
Henry Havelock Ellis~ Every man of genius sees the world at a different angle from his fellows and there is his tragedy.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
The achievement of your goal is assured the moment you commit yourself to it. -Mack R. Douglas
Han Suyin~ There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Aeschylus~ Words are the physicians of the mind diseased.
It is astonishing with how little wisdom mankind can be governed, when that little wisdom is its own. - W. R. Inge
Mary Wortley Montagu~ You can be pleased with nothing when you are not pleased with yourself.
Luck is being ready for the chance. -J. Frank Doble
The world is so fast that there are days when the person who says it can't be done is interrupted by the person who is doing it.
There is some consolation in the fact that even if your dreams haven't come true- neither have your nightmares.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -Lucille Ball
How do you get off a non-stop flight?
Ron Wild~ Seek the wisdom of the ages but look at the world through the eyes of a child.
Kin Hubbard~ A good listener is usually thinking about something else.
Assyrian Proverb~ Fear the goat from the front the horse from the rear and man from all sides.
All true wisdom is found on my T-shirts.
Sigmund Freud~ Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
John Mason Brown~ The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
Jorge Luis Borges~ Life itself is a quotation.
Marquise du Deffand~ The distance is nothing its only the first step that is difficult.
Sam Snead~ These greens are so fast I have to hold my putter over the ball and hit it with the shadow.
Jane Austen~ Where so many hours have been spent in convincing myself that I am right is there not some reason to fear I may be wrong
Anon.~ Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
He who blames others has a long way to go on his journey. He who blames himself is halfway there. He who blames no one has arrived.
George Bernard Shaw~ Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Publilius Syrus~ Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it.
Do or do not. There is no try. -Yoda
William Shakespeare~ Cry Havoc and let slip the dogs of war.
Ernest Hemingway~ The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places.
Abraham Lincoln~ If you would win a man to your cause first convince him that you are his sincere friend.
A. Whitney Brown~ Our bombs are smarter than the average high school student. At least they can find Kuwait.
True or true? Yes or yes?. -Mark Victor Hansen
James Branch Cabell~ The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds and the pessimist fears this is true.
Confucius~ To know that one knows what one knows and to know that one doesnt know what one doesnt know there lies true wisdom.
Erma Bombeck~ I am not a glutton - I am an explorer of food.
Bertha Calloway~ We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Terry Goodkind~ People will believe anything. They will believe it because they want it to be true or because they are afraid it is.
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Business dispatched is business well done, but business hurried is business ill done. - Edward George Earle Lytton Bulwer-Lytton
To affirm is to make firm. -Peter Mcwilliams
George Tooker~ Painting is an attempt to come to terms with life. There are as many solutions as there are human beings.
Logan Pearsall Smith~ I cannot forgive my friends for dying I do not find these vanishing acts of theirs at all amusing.
What you do when you don't have to do it will determine what you are when it's too late to do anything about it!
Dennis Fakes~ Any child can tell you that the sole purpose of a middle name is so he can tell when hes really in trouble.
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime. -Richard Bach (Illusions)
Oprah Winfrey~ Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath kick off your shoes and dance.
Horace~ Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Paint a masterpiece daily. Always autograph your work with excellence. -Greg Hickman
Character must be kept bright as well as clean. - Lord Chesterfield
Henry David Thoreau~ What is the use of a house if you havent got a tolerable planet to put it on
Henry Timrod~ Spring is a true reconstructionist.
Edmund Spenser~ Sleep after toil port after stormy seas ease after war death after life does greatly please.
Israel Lipkin~ Man is free in his imagination but bound by his reason.
August Strindberg~ I love her and she loves me and we hate each other with a wild hatred born of love.
Formal education will make you a living; self education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity. -Henry David Thoreau
The penalty for success is to be bored by the people who used to snub you. (Nancy Astor)
I would rather earn 1% off a 100 people's efforts than 100% of my own efforts. -Jean Paul Getty
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Victor Frankl~ Love is the only way to grasp another human being in the innermost core of his personality.
You forgot to do your backup 16 days ago. Tomorrow you'll need that version.
I buy women shoes and they use them to walk away from me. -Mickey Rooney
Unknown~ Plan like you will live forever live like you will die tomorrow.
Dorothy Parker~ They sicken of the calm that know the storm.
Marcel Proust~ The happy man is not he who seems thus to others but who seems thus to himself.
Chuck Reid~ In theory there is no difference between theory and practice In practice there is.
English Proverb~ A full cup must be carried steadily.
I've learned that when your newly born grandchild holds your little finger in his little fist, you're hooked for life. - Andy Rooney
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force. -Paul Vernon Buser
Dutch Proverb~ A little pot boils easily.
Our greatest natural resource is the minds of our children. -Walt Disney
F Scott~ Its not a slam at you when people are rude-its a slam at the people theyve met before.
In a full heart there is room for everything, and in an empty heart there is room for nothing. (Antonio Porchia)
You've got to take the initiative and play your game. In a decisive set, confidence is the difference. -Chris Evert
George Santayana~ I believe in general in a dualism between facts and the ideas of those facts in human heads.
Samuel Johnson~ No matter how dull or how mean or how wise a man is he feels that happiness is his indisputable right.
Ambrose Bierce~ Calamities are of two kinds misfortunes to ourselves and good fortune to others.
Robert Benchley~ A boy can learn a lot from a dog obedience loyalty and the importance of turning around three times before lying down.
Experience is the only prophecy of wise men. - Alphonse De Lamartine
Garry Marshall~ Its always helpful to learn from your mistakes because then your mistakes seem worthwhile.
Shantideva~ If you can solve your problem then what is the need of worrying If you cannot solve it then what is the use of worrying
Caecilius Statius~ Grant us a brief delay impulse in everything is but a worthless servant.
Robert Anthony~ Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge others just gargle.
Aesop~ Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches, but to reveal to him his own. (Benjamin Disraeli)
Love truth, and pardon error. -Voltaire
Sure I'm for helping the elderly. I'm going to be old myself someday. (at age 85). -Lilian Carter
James Earl Jimmy Carter Jr.~ America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense ... human rights invented America.
Union gives strength. (The Bundle of Sticks 550 BC). -Aesop
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ Most people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambitions.
Max Heindel~ Music is the soul of language.
Freedom is the last, best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Fame is proof that people are gullible.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Nothing quite new is perfect.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Alexandra Stoddard~ What we do today right now will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
Don't get good at doing something if you don't like doing it.
Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molire~ Nearly all men die of their remedies and not of their illnesses.
The world is like a beehive: We all enter by the same door but we live in different cells.
Coleman Cox~ Keeping your clothes well pressed will keep you from looking hard pressed.
Sun-tzu~ Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ Without music life would be a mistake.
History is a selective interpretation of events designed to justify those currently in power. Memory is the same thing on an individual scale.
Ronald Reagan~ I was alarmed at my doctors report He said I was sound as a dollar.
New Hampshire State Motto~ Live free or die.
Jesus accepts you the way you are, but loves you too much to leave you that way. (Lee Venden)
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system. - Alfred Montapert
John Galsworthy~ The beginnings and endings of all human undertakings are untidy.
Vincent Van Gogh~ What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything
Horace Greeley~ The darkest hour in any mans life is when he sits down to plan how to get money without earning it.
French Proverb~ A white wall is the fools paper.
Italian Proverb~ He who knows nothing doubts nothing.
Ambrose Bierce~ Painting The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to the critic.
Pearl Sydenstricker Buck~ Praise out of season or tactlessly bestowed can freeze the heart as much as blame.
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities. -Napoleon Hill
Aldous Huxley~ Words form the thread on which we string our experiences.
Still your mind in me, still yourself in me, and without a doubt you shall be united with me, Lord of Love, dwelling in your heart. - Bhagavad Gita
I don't know what tomorrow holds, but I know who holds tomorrow.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ If we had no faults of our own we would not take so much pleasure in noticing those of others.
I am on a thirty day diet. So far, I have lost 15 days.
Jean Kerr~ Life with Mary was like being in a telephone booth with an open umbrella-no matter which way you turned you got it in the eye.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. -James Barrie
If you lose your temper, you've lost the argument. UNless you knock the person out, in which case you win
Having someplace to go to is home. Having someone to love is family. Having both is a blessing.
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. -Abigail Adams
Warren Buffett~ Its only when the tide goes out that you learn whos been swimming naked.
Wilson Mizner~ The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
Diane Ackerman~ Everyone admits that love is wonderful and necessary yet no one agrees on just what it is.
G. C. Lichtenberg~ A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
I find you want me to furnish you with argument and intellects too. No, sir, these, I protest you, are too hard for me. - Oliver Goldsmith
The measure of greatness is not found in your accomplishments. Its in how much discouragement it takes to stop you.
Socrates~ Get not your friends by bare compliments but by giving them sensible tokens of your love.
If you're not rich, it's because you think like a poor person. Love rich people and you will become like them.
Lynn Hall~ We did not change as we grew older we just became more clearly ourselves.
Sir Walter Besant~ He knows nothing and he thinks he knows everything. That points clearly to a political career.
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires, and fears is more than a king. -John Milton
Margaret Cho~ Sometimes when we are generous in small barely detectable ways it can change someone elses life forever.
Elbert Hubbard~ Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Cherrie Moraga~ When you are not physically starving you have the luxury to realize psychic and emotional starvation.
W. H. Auden~ A poets hope to be like some valley cheese local but prized elsewhere.
Henry Clay~ Of all the properties which belong to honorable men not one is so highly prized as that of character.
He that has pity on the poor lends to the Lord. - Bible
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. (Robert Louis Stevenson)
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
Alan Stewart Paton~ What broke in a man when he could bring himself to kill another
Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic. -Unknown Author
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. -Dale Carnegie
Swami Vivekananda~ Puritypatience and preserverance are the three essentials to success and above all love.
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. -Ulysses S. Grant
Unknown~ Fear is nothing except a drain of energy and Not a power unto itself. Trust in yourself For therein lies the true power.
Vladimir Nabokov~ My loathings are simple stupidity oppression crime cruelty soft music.
Death is not totally extinguishing the light but turning off the lamp because the dawn has come.
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ Learn to labour and to wait.
Jerry Coleman~ Its off the leg and into the left field of Doug Radar.
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong. -Charles Wadworth
Never exaggerate your faults. Your friends will attend to that. -Robert C.Edwards
Back to the Future~ Dr. Emmett Brown The appropriate question is WHEN the hell are they.
I've learned that everyone you meet deserves to be greeted with a smile. - Andy Rooney
No woman has ever so comforted the distressed or distressed the comfortable. on Eleanor Roosevelt. -Claire Booth Luce
Rupert Murdoch~ The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
Thomas Fuller~ Purchase not friends by gifts when thou ceasest to give such will cease to love.
William of Wykeham~ Manners maketh man.
The first duty of man is to conquer fear; he must get rid of it, he cannot act till then. -Thomas Carlyle
Pliny the Elder~ No mortal man moreover is wise at all moments.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. -Colin Powell
George Moore~ The difficulty in life is the choice.
Robert Browning~ Ah but a mans reach should exceed his grasp - or whats a heaven for
Skills are cheap; chemistry is expensive. -Mal Pancoast
Benjamin Franklin~ To lengthen thy life lessen thy meals.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything. -Eugène Delacroix
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ When asked about his favorite song I think Hail to the Chief has a nice ring to it.
He who has learned to disagree without being disagreeable has discovered the most valuable secret of a diplomat. -Robert Estabrook
Rene Descartes~ Nothing is more fairly distributed than common sense - no one needs more of it than one already has
Voltaire~ It is forbidden to kill therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.
William Shakespeare~ Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
Walt Whitman~ The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give.
Self pity is an acid which eats holes in happiness. -Earl Nightingale
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. -Charles Darwin
The greatest potential for control the ends to exist at the point where action takes place. - Louis A. Allen
Albert Schweitzer~ A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.
Nothing is politically right which is morally wrong. -Daniel O'connell
Japanese Proverb~ In wealth many friends in poverty not even relatives.
William Ashley~ Better limp all the way to heaven than not get there at all.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.
Dale Carnegie~ Remember happiness doesnt depend on who you are or what you have it depends solely upon what you think.
Lawana Blackwell~ Age is no guarantee of maturity.
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy. -Robert Half
Chinese Proverb~ Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. -Janis Joplin
Herbert V. Prochnow~ A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner. -Benjamin Franklin
Donald Kendall~ The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Lao Tzu~ People are difficult to govern because they have too much knowledge.
Which Eternity do you prefer? Smoking or Non-Smoking.
Progress always involves risk; you can't steal second base and keep your foot on first. -Frederick Wilcox
Lillian Carter~ I dont think about risks much. I just do what I want to do. If you gotta go you gotta go.
Harrison Ford~ If youre going to define me properly you must think in terms of my failures as well as my successes.
Celeste Holm~ We live by encouragement and die without it - slowly sadly angrily.
An optimist believes we live in the best of all worlds.
Tryon Edwards~ Where duty is plain delay is both foolish and hazardous where it is not delay may provide both wisdom and safety.
Hard work has made it easy. That is my secret. That is why I win. -Nadia Comaneci
Ogden Nash~ Middle age is when youve met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
W. Edward Brown~ The artist has one function - to affirm and glorify life.
Ambrose Bierce~ Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum
Only mediocrity of enjoyment is allowed to man. -Hugh Blair
James Truslow Adams~ The great use of life is to spend it on something that will outlast it.
Thomas Carlyle~ Originality is a thing we constantly clamour for and constantly quarrel with.
Lord Ritchie-Calder~ Science at best is not wisdom it is knowledge. Wisdom is knowledge tempered with judgment.
Pablo Picasso~ Accidents try to change them - its impossible. The accidental reveals man.
Edward Young~ Procrastination is the thief of time.
Whatever you do, don't do it halfway. -Bob Beamon
What we want is a story that starts with an earthquake and builds to a climax. -Samuel Goldwyn
Robert Frost~ A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
Laughter is the jam on the toast of life; it adds flavour, keeps it from becoming too dry, and makes it easier to swallow.
It is our responsibility, not ourselves that we should take seriously.
Ralph Kiner~ Darryl Strawberry has been voted to the Hall of Fame years in a row.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work. - Warren Bennis
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy the mad daughter of a wise mother.
Positive thinking won't let you do anything but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. -Zig Ziglar
Publilius Syrus~ We simply rob ourselves when we make presents to the dead.
Henry Van Dyke~ Some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live.
Aristotle~ Evil draws men together.
Time is at once the most valuable and the most perishable of all our possessions. -John Randolph
John Lennon~ People asking questions lost in confusion well I tell them theres no problem only solutions.
Love not what you are but, what you may become. -Miguel De Cervantes
E. Joseph Crossman~ Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners.
Unknown~ Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and you get all wet.
James Thurber~ You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes. -John F. Kennedy
Charles Franklin Kettering~ You cant have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who however has never learned to walk forward.
Japanese Proverb~ The crow that mimics a cormorant is drowned.
Richard Harding Davis~ The secret of good writing is to say an old thing in a new way or to say a new thing in an old way.
Martin Luther~ Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Dexter Yager~ Dont ever let anyone steal your dreams.
Fran Lebowitz~ Humility is no substitute for a good personality.
Homer~ Miserable mortals who like leaves at one moment flame with life eating the produce of the land and at another moment weakly perish.
Hear one side and you will be in the dark. Hear both and all will be clear. - Thomas C. Haliburton
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so. -Plato
Marlene Dietrich~ The lover says How beautiful you are now that you love me.
Clarence Darrow~ Liberty is the most jealous and exacting mistress that can beguile the soul and brain of man.
Albert Einstein~ If people are good only because they fear punishment and hope for reward then we are a sorry lot indeed.
Kahlil Gibran~ Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder with a dash of the dictionary.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ If a man writes a book let him set down only what he knows. I have guesses enough of my own.
Henri Matisse~ What I dream of is an art of balance.
Mother Theresa~ Love is a fruit in season at all times and within the reach of every hand.
We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld
Opportunity seems to have an uncanny habit of favoring those who have paid the price of years of preparation. -Unknown Author
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing. -Robert Benchley
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The mode by which the inevitable comes to pass is effort.
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0.
Aristotle~ We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit.
Saki~ A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
The foundation of lasting self-confidence and self esteem is excellence, mastery of your work. -Brian Tracy
Melissa Timberman~ You simply *must* stop taking advice from other people.
We cannot really love anybody with whom we never laugh. - Mary Roberts Rhinehart
Martin Luther~ Earth has nothing more tender than a womans heart when it is the abode of piety.
Unknown~ Since wars begin in the minds of men it is in the minds of men that the defence of peace must be constructed.
Socrates~ My belief is that to have no wants is divine.
Henry Ward Beecher~ If a man cannot be a Christian in the place he is he cannot be a Christian anywhere.
Malcolm X~ Be peaceful be courteous obey the law respect everyone but if someone puts his hand on you send him to the cemetery.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
Unknown~ To believe God is a Privilege To doubt God is an insult.
Barbara Bloom~ You have to choose where you look and in making that choice you eliminate entire worlds.
Cicero~ Where is there dignity unless there is honesty
Mark Twain~ It was wonderful to find America but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
Life is an echo. What you send out - you get back. What you give - you get.
The road to success runs uphill. - Willie Davis
Marquis de Vauvenargues~ When a thought is too weak to be expressed simply simply drop it.
Jerry Coleman~ And its a long drive down the line to centerfield.
Reach for the moon. If you miss, you may fall on a star. (Marvin the Martian)
Julia Sorel~ If youre never scared or embarrassed or hurt it means you never take any chances.
Albert Pike~ Everything actual must also first have been possible before having actual existence.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Johann von Goethe~ If a man writes a book let him set down only what he knows. I have guesses enough of my own.
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile goals. -Paul J. Meyer
G. K. Chesterton~ The rich are the scum of the earth in every country.
Bertrand Russell~ Science may set limits to knowledge but should not set limits to imagination.
If you will discipline yourself to make your mind self-sufficient you will thereby be least vulnerable to injury from the outside. - Critias Of Athens
Franklin P. Jones~ Perhaps nothing has changed in the course of history as much as historians.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. -Leo Buscaglia
Reinhold Niebuhr~ All you earnest young men out to save the world please have a laugh.
Samuel Johnson~ It is a most mortifying reflection for a man to consider what he has done compared to what he might have done.
American Indian Proverb~ You cant wake a person who is pretending to be asleep. Navajo
Elbert Hubbard~ The idea that is not dangerous is not worthy of being called an idea at all.
William Baziotes~ Each painting has its own way of evolving...When the painting is finished the subject reaveals itself.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ We cannot always build the future for our youth but we can build our youth for the future.
O. Henry~ It was beautiful and simple as truly great swindles are.
The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden; heaven is a playground. -G K Chesterton
Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?
Maturity means being emotionally and mentally healthy. It is that time when you know when to say yes when to say no and when to say WHOOPEE!
Phaedrus~ To add insult to injury.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt
Talk of nothing but business, and dispatch that business quickly. - Manutius Aldus (Aldo Manuzio)
Charles Peguy~ He who does not bellow the truth when he knows the truth makes himself the accomplice of liars and forgers.
Control your destiny or somebody else will. -Jack Welch
Christian Williams~ Joel Ed are you hallucinating Ed Oh yeah but not right now.
Raymond Chandler~ Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence as you can find outside an advertising agency.
Alan J. Perlis~ A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and a courageous person afterwards. -Paul Richter
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves. (August Strindberg)
No man really becomes a fool until he stops asking questions.
In great attempts it is glorious even to fail. -Vince Lombardi
The saints are the sinners who keep going. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Unknown~ We are all instantly forgiven but in order to benefit from this forgiveness we must in turn forgive others and ourselves.
Victor Hugo~ There is always more misery among the lower classes than there is humanity in the higher.
Henry David Thoreau~ Money is not required to buy one necessary of the soul.
Samuel Johnson~ Classical quotation is the parole of literary men all over the world.
Pete Incaviglia~ People think we make million and million a year. They dont realize that most of us only make .
Men always want to be a woman's first love. Women have a more subtle instinct; what they like to be is a man's last romance.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ It is not a lack of love but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Sonya Friedman~ The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others.
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell. -Unknown Author
One stumble is enough to deface the character of an honorable life. - L. Estrange
If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still #2?
Charles Caleb Colton~ When you have nothing to say say nothing.
Basil King~ Be bold and mighty powers will come to your aid.
Anthony de Mello~ Obedience keeps the rules. Love knows when to break them.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Alva Edison
Success doesn't make you and failure doesn't break you. -Zig Ziglar
Hermann Hesse~ If I know what love is it is because of you.
The two hardest things to handle in life are failure and success. -Anonymous
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. -Herodotus
Dame Rose Macaulay~ It is a common delusion that you make things better by talking about them.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue but the parent of all other virtues.
Golda Meir~ We do not rejoice in victories. We rejoice when a new kind of cotton is grown and when strawberries bloom in Israel.
Lord Thomas Dewar~ The only thing that hurts more than paying an income tax is not having to pay an income tax.
Lewis Lew Wallace~ Would you hurt a man keenest strike at his self-love.
Kahlil Gibran~ Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace abolishing strife.
You don't have to blow out anothers candle to make yours shine bright.
He that can have patience can have what he will. -Benjamin Franklin
Jacopo Sannazaro~ Man is only miserable so far as he thinks himself so.
Incontinence Hot line...Can you hold please.
Henry Adams~ The best date movies give you something to talk about. A movie thats a downer is a great way to find out about someone.
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
Victor Borge~ I only know two pieces one is Clair de Lune and the other one isnt.
Alen Coren~ To have a grievance is to have a purpose in life.
There are 400 hundred words in the dictionary that begin with "self" and only 8 that begin with "fellow".
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Remember this very little is needed to make a happy life.
Harry Morris Warner~ Who the hell wants to hear actors talk
Oscar Wilde~ When the gods wish to punish us they answer our prayers.
Ambrose Gwinett Bierce~ Abstainer. A weak man who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ It is very hard to be simple enough to be good.
Jennie Jerome Churchill~ We owe something to extravagance for thrift and adventure seldom go hand in hand.
Telling the truth and making someone cry is just as bad as telling a lie and making someone smile!
H.L. Mencken~ Never let your inferiors do you a favor - it will be extremely costly.
Norman O. Brown~ All currency is neurotic currency.
William Shakespeare~ There is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things.
Confucius~ Recompense injury with justice and recompense kindness with kindness.
My children need love the most when they deserve it the least. (Erma Bombeck)
William Ellery Channing~ Error is discipline through which we advance.
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience. -Laurence Peter
Marie Ebner von Eschenbach~ Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.
Margaret Lee Runbeck~ Silence makes the real conversation between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.
Maurice Baring~ Memory is the greatest of artists and effaces from your mind what is unnecessary.
Henry Maudsley~ The sorrow which has no vent in tears may make other organs weep.
Italian Proverb~ The best armor is to keep out of range.
Clevand Amory~ I cant take a well-tanned person seriously.
Harry S Truman~ Its a recession when your neighbor loses his job its a depression when you lose yours.
Godfather The~ Fabrizio In Sicily women are more dangerous than shotguns.
Henry Kissinger~ It was a Greek tragedy. Nixon was fulfilling his own nature. Once it started it could not end otherwise.
Cathy Ladman~ My parents only had one argument in forty-five years. It lasted forty-three years.
Unknown~ On Truth and Happiness........ The search is over as we begin.
It is time to quit playing church and start being the church. (Keith Green)
Ed Koch~ The fireworks begin today. Each diploma is a lighted match. Each one of you is a fuse.
Jerry Seinfeld~ A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
Norman Mailer~ Every moment of ones existence one is growing into more or retreating into less.
Benjamin Franklin~ There never was a good war or a bad peace.
Aristotle~ The best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
Is reading in the bathroom considered Multi-Tasking.
Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat. -Ann Landers
Love is not paid back only passed on. (Nancy Pettit)
Homer~ A companions words of persuasion are effective.
Pamela Ribon~ Having a holiday weekend without a family member felt like putting on a sweater that had an extra arm.
Whitney Moore Young~ Our ability to create has outreached our ability to use wisely the products of our invention.
This Is Spinal Tap~ Mick As long as theres you know sex and drugs I can do without the rock and roll.
Robert Louis Stephenson~ A friend is a gift you give yourself.
Sara Teasdale~ I make the most of all that comes And the least of all that goes.
Woodrow Wilson~ One cool judgment is worth a dozen hasty councils. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat.
Edward Young~ We are all born originals - why is it so many of us die copies
Rita Mae Brown~ The reward for conformity was that everyone liked you except yourself.
James Barrie~ We are all failures - at least the best of us are.
When signing a contract, it helps to remember "the big-type gives, and the small-type takes away".
Ben Stein~ The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this decide what you want.
F Scott~ It is in the thirties that we want friends. In the forties we know they wont save us any more than love did.
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ Nothing happens to any thing which that thing is not made by nature to bear.
Five out of four people have trouble with fractions.
Matrix The~ Morpheus You have to let it all go Neo. Fear doubt and disbelief. Free your mind.
Mary H. Waldrip~ A laugh is a smile that bursts.
Alanis Morissette~ You live you learn You love you learn You cry you learn You lose you learn You bleed you learn You scream you learn
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing. (Michael Pritchard)
Don't grieve that your roses have thorns. Rejoice instead that your thorns have roses.
Contingencies have tendencies to become dependencies. (W. Thomas McQueeney)
Fred R. Barnard~ One picture is worth a thousand words.
Brian Weir~ In order to be walked on you have to be lying down.
William Safire~ I think we have a need to know what we do not need to know.
Anon.~ Want to make your computer go really fast Throw it out a window.
John Maynard Keynes~ Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assaults of thought on the unthinking.
James~ Better and ugly face than an ugly mind.
George Gordon Byron~ He who is only just is cruel. Who on earth could live were all judged justly
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. (Winston Churchill)
William Shakespeare~ Excellent wretch Perdition catch my soul But I do love thee and when I love thee not Chaos is come again.
Hellen Keller~ One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Douglas Noel Adams~ You cant dodge your responsibilities by saying they dont exist
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ A clever man commits no minor blunders.
Paul Beatty~ If all the worlds a stage I want to operate the trap door.
There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is never too late to become what you might have been. -George Eliot
Henry Bromel~ Its important to begin a search on a full stomach.
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. - Heywood Brown
Tennessee Williams~ The world is a funny paper read backwards. And that way it isnt so funny.
Hack Wilson~ (Speaking about Satchel Paiges pitching)It starts out like a baseball and when it gets to the plate it looks like a marble.
Milo Bloom~ The first sign of a nervous breakdown is when you start thinking your work is terribly important.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us that someone might be looking. -H. L. Mencken
A big man is one who makes us feel bigger when we are with him. -John C. Maxwell
Tobacco and alcohol, delicious fathers of abiding friendships and fertile reveries. - Luis Bunuel
Jonathan Swift~ No wise man ever wished to be younger.
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. -Thomas A. Edison
Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power. -Paul G. Thomas
If you have trouble getting your children's attention, just sit down and look comfortable.
When God sends us on hard paths, he provides strong shoes.
Oprah Winfrey~ Use what you have to run toward your best - thats how I now live my life.
Pythagoras~ Reason is immortal all else mortal.
Harry S Truman~ The absence of war is not peace.
Assyrian Proverb~ Za dvumya zaitsami pogonishsya ne odnogo ne poimaesh. (If you chase two rabbits you will not catch either one.)
George Gallup~ I could prove God statistically.
Aesop~ United we stand divided we fall.
Maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself. -John Macnaughton
Rebecca West~ Its the souls duty to be loyal to its own desires. It must abandon itself to its master passion.
You aspire to great things? Begin with little ones. -Augustine Saint
John Ruskin~ What we think or what we know or what we believe is in the end of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do.
Although the world is very full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. -Helen Keller
Albert Einstein~ The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
The drops of rain make a hole in the stone, not by violence, but by oft falling. -Lucretius
If I had my life to live over I would have cried and laughed less while watching television - and more while watching life. (Erma Bombeck)
Willis Whitney~ Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to when all they need is one reason why they can.
Publilius Syrus~ Valor grows by daring fear by holding back.
Practical prayer is harder on the soles of your shoes than on the knees of your trousers. -Austin O'malley
Umberto Eco~ The real hero is always a hero by mistake he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
Christopher Darlington Morley~ In every mans heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibration of beauty.
Feodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky~ Man is sometimes extraordinarily passionately in love with suffering.
Saint Alfred of Rievaulx~ What brings joy to the heart is not so much the friends gift as the friends love.
English Proverb~ Many things are lost for want of asking.
What is once well done is done forever. -Henry David Thoreau
Victor Hugo~ There is nothing like dream to create the future. Utopia to-day flesh and blood tomorrow.
The more willing you are to surrender to the energy within you, the more power can flow through you. -Shakti Gawain
Isaac Asimov~ There is a single light of science and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere.
The only limitations to God are in our mind.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Riches do not consist in the possession of treasures but in the use made of them.
George Crabbe~ Habit with him was all the test of truth It must be right Ive done it from my youth.
Samuel Johnson~ An intellectual improvement arises from leisure.
John Benfield~ Eagles may soar but weasels dont get sucked into jet engines.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
Bret Harte~ The only sure thing about luck is that it will change.
The Dalai Lama~ If you want others to be happy practice compassion. If you want to be happy practice compassion.
Sarah Bernhardt~ All power in human hands is liable to be abused.
Every new adjustment is a crisis in self-esteem. -Eric Hoffer
I want to talk with people who care about things that matter that will make a life-changing difference. -Mark Victor Hansen
Whoever acquires knowledge but does not practice it, is as one who plows but does not sow. -Saadi
George Bernard Shaw~ I am a Millionaire. That is my religion.
As a man grows older it is harder and harder to frighten him. -Jean Paul Richter
Hank Aaron~ It took me seventeen years to get hits in baseball. I did it in one afternoon on the golf course.
You can't have everything...where would you put it?
Elbert Hubbard~ I would rather be able to appreciate things I can not have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.
Bertrand Russell~ The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution.
Will Rogers~ Im not a member of any organized political party Im a Democrat
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. -Charles Du Bos
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ We would like to live as we once lived but history will not permit it.
Logics will get you from A to B, imagination will take you everywhere. -Albert Einstein
Sophocles~ Money Theres nothing in the world so demoralizing as money.
Donnie Brasco~ Lefty Wise guy dont carry wallets they carry their money in a roll....beaner on the outs
To me the charm of an encyclopedia is that it knows and I needn't. - Francis Yeats Brown
Rainer Maria Rilke~ Live the questions.
The best revenge is a vow to never be like the one who hurt you.
Juvenal~ Count it the greatest sin to prefer life to honor and for the sake of living to love what makes life worth having.
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ The soul should always stand ajar ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Dr. Seuss~ Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot nothing is going to get better. Its not.
Doris Lessing~ In university they dont tell you that the greater part of the law is learning to tolerate fools.
Penn Jillette~ Channeling is just bad ventriloquism. You use another voice but people can see your lips moving.
Confucius~ The cautious seldom err.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus~ That which comes after ever conforms to that which has gone before.
Samuel Johnson~ When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
Suffering well borne is better than suffering removed.
You become what you think about. -Earl Nightingale
Theres Something About Mary~ Pat Healy Those goofy bastards are about the best thing Ive got going.
Contentment is not to be found in having what you want, but rather wanting what you have
Lois McMaster Bujold~ You have to be careful who you let define your good.
Bob Newhart~ All I can say about life is Oh God enjoy it
Sophocles~ It made our hair stand up in panic fear.
Aristotle~ Liars when they speak the truth are not believed.
Menander~ I call a fig a fig a spade a spade.
Athol~ We compound our suffering by victimizing each other.
Wilson Mizner~ Lifes a tough proposition and the first hundred years are the hardest.
Jan L. A. van de Snepscheut~ In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. But in practice there is.
La Rochefoucauld~ All the passions make us commit faults love makes us commit the most ridiculous ones.
I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
I consider a goal as a journey rather than a destination. And each year I set a new goal. -Curtis Carlson
Alexander Meigs Haig~ I probably carry more scar tissue on my derrire than any other candidate-thats political scar tissue.
John G. Riefenbaker~ Freedom is the right to be wrong not the right to do wrong.
George Burns~ I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance. -Derek Bok
Unknown~ A memory is a photograph taken by the heart to make a special moment last forever.
The only way to get rid of responsibilities is to discharge them. -Walter S. Robertson
Elmer Davis~ The first and great commandment is Dont let them scare you.
Daniel J. Boorstin~ A sign of a celebrity is that his name is often worth more than his services.
Don't stand in a place of danger trusting in miracles. (Arabic Proverb)
Henry David Thoreau~ The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
We often fear being rejected so very much that we reject ourselves first before anyone else has the chance.
Cornelius Tacitus~ It is the rare fortuene of these days that one may think what one likes and say what one thinks.
Victor Hugo~ What a grand thing to be loved What a grander thing still to love
Jay Leno~ Heres something to think about How come you never see a headline like Psychic Wins Lottery
Paul Valery~ A man who is of sound mind is one who keeps the inner madman under lock and key.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan~ The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Walter Frederick Mondale~ I dont want to spend the next two years in Holiday Inns.
In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would take many men many months to equal it.
Johnny Carson~ If life was fair Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
Passion doesn't look beyond the moment of its existence. - Christian Nevell Bovee
If at first you don't succeed; you are running about average. -M. H. Alderson
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. -Wayne Dyer
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ There are people who think that everything one does with a serious face is sensible.
Woody Allen~ His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
Friends have all things in common. -Plato
George Eliot~ Be courteous be obliging but dont give yourself over to be melted down for the benefit of the tallow trade.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Its faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes life worth living.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ If I love you what business is it of yours
Kahlil Gibran~ We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Agathon~ This only is denied to God the power to undo the past.
Keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars. -Casey Kasem
Carl Rowen~ The library is the temple of learning and learning has liberated more people than all the wars in history.
Martha Graham~ The body is a sacred garment.
Carl Jung~ The shoe that fits one person pinches another there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Billy~ I never said I had no idea about most of the things you said I said I had no idea about.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity.
Roger Zelazny~ Life is full of doors that dont open when you knock equally spaced amid those that open when you dont want them to.
George Herbert~ Every mile is two in winter.
Judith Martin~ We are born charming fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society.
Bible~ The patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit.
George Bernard Shaw~ If all economists were laid end to end they would not reach a conclusion.
Henry David Thoreau~ We are always paid for our suspicion by finding what we suspect.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Alva Edison
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas A. Edison
To me old age is 15 years older than I am. -Bernard M. Baruch
R. H. Delaney~ Love builds bridges where there are none.
Appearances to save, his only care; So things seem right, no matter what they are. - Charles Churchill
Johann von Goethe~ If I love you what business is it of yours
Paul Tillich~ The first duty of love is to listen.
Hilton Kramer~ The more minimal the art the more maximum the explanation.
Les Miserables~ To love another person is to see the face of God.
Philip James Bailey~ Art is a mans nature nature is Gods art.
Good actions ennoble us, we are the sons of our own deeds. -Miguel de Cervantes
The biggest fool in the world is he who merely does his work supremely well, without attending to appearance. - Michael Korda
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. -Jon Kabat-zinn
Aldous Huxley~ After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
A blind bargain. - Unattributed Author
Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf~ Leadership is a combination of strategy and character. If you must be without one be without the strategy.
Alexandre Dumas~ ...love without esteem cannot go far or reach high. It is an angel with only one wing.
Sara Teasdale~ Can I ever know you Or you know me
Horace Mann~ Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is at once best in quality and infinite in quantity.
We can often do more for other men by trying to correct our own faults than by trying to correct theirs. -Francois Fenelon
Happiness is what happens to us when we try to make someone else happy.
Aristotle~ Man is by nature a political animal.
Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
Some things that cost $5 to buy several years ago now costs $10 just to repair.
The lack of belief is a defect that ought to be concealed when it cannot be overcome -Jonathan Swift
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself. -Sam Levenson
Voltaire~ It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought. -Pilgrims
Hermann Hesse~ Love of God is not always the same as love of good.
Adam Clayton Jr. Powell~ A mans respect for law and order exists in precise relationship to the size of his paycheck.
Harry S Truman~ The White House is the finest prison in the world.
Doug Larson~ The surprising thing about young fools is how many survive to become old fools.
Rene Descartes~ It is not enough to have a good mind the main thing is to use it well.
True power is when what you say is only the tip of the iceberg of what you really know.
Ranjan~ A person without character is just as body without soul.
I've learned that opportunities are never lost; someone will take the ones you miss. - Andy Rooney
As a man begins to live more seriously within; he begins to live more simply without.
Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-break on. -Maxwell Maltz
Dr. B. J. Palmer~ We never know how far reaching something we may think say or do today will effect the lives of millions tomorrow.
Robert G. Ingersoll~ There are in nature neither rewards nor punishments there are consequences.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing~ A heretic is a man who sees with his own eyes.
John F. Kennedy~ Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
Will Smith~ Money and success dont change people they merely amplify what is already there.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self. -Aristotle
Arthur Ashe~ From what we get we can make a living what we give however makes a life.
Hope springs exulting on triumphant wing. -Robert Burns
H. Jackson Brown Jr.~ Never make fun of someone who speaks broken English. It means they know another language.
Conan Doyle~ Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Only undertake what you can do in an excellent fashion. There are no prizes for average performance. -Brian Tracy
Claude T Bissell~ The Social Sciences are good at accounting for disasters once they have taken place.
From the movie, The Boy Who Could Fly Somewhere, deep inside, we can all fly. -Guy Finley
Ogden Nash~ Progress might have been all right once but it has gone on too long.
Anatole France~ If fifty million people say a foolish thing it is still a foolish thing.
John Barrymore~ In Genesis it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief.
H.L. Mencken~ Any man who afflicts the human race with ideas must be prepared to see them misunderstood.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
Socrates~ Employ your time in improving yourself by other mens writings so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.
Ronald Reagan~ There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence imagination and wonder.
It's so hard when I have to, And so easy when I want to. -Sondra Anice Barnes
H.L. Mencken~ Say what you will about the Ten Commandments you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.
Juvenal~ Ardeat ipsa licet tormentia gaudet amantis. (Though she may herself burn she delights in her lovers torment.)
A human being is a deciding being. -Victor Frankl
I've learned that we should be glad God doesn't give us everything we ask for. - Andy Rooney
Mark Twain~ I am an old man and have a great many troubles But most of them never happened.
Rodney Dangerfield~ Life is just a bowl of pits.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Truth never damages a cause that is just.
I'm working to improve my methods, and every hour I save is an hour added to my life. -Ayn Rand
Aristotle~ To perceive is to suffer.
This one step - choosing a goal and sticking to it - changes everything. -Scott Reed
Vince Lombardi~ Those who have invested the most are the last to surrender.
My "check engine" light came on the other day. I popped the hood, and looked, the engine is STILL there! Silly light . . .
Oscar Wilde~ All that I desire to point out is the general principle that Life imitates Art far more than Art imitates Life.
Adlai Stevenson~ Communism is the corruption of a dream of justice.
Child Age ~ I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
Ernest Hemingway~ Never mistake motion for action.
American Indian Proverb~ Tell me and Ill forget. Show me and I may not remember. Involve me and Ill understand.
Walt Whitman~ Nothing endures but personal qualities.
If it is to be, it is up to me! (10 most important 2 letter words)
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win. -Roger Bannister
There lies more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
Nicholas Butler~ The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.
Aristotle~ Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime.
Adolph Monod~ Between the great things we cannot do and the small things we will not do the danger is that we shall do nothing.
Bible~ Prove all things hold fast that which is good.
As much as we thirst for approval we dread condemnation. -Hans Selye
To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.
You may not be able to turn back the clock; but you can always wind it up again.
Quentin~ The children despise their parents until the age of when they suddenly become just like them-thus preserving the system.
Adversity brings knowledge, and knowledge wisdom. -Welsh Proverb
The 50-50-90 rule: Any time you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. -Frank Lloyd Wright
George Santayana~ The Soul is the voice of the bodys interests.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Each man has his own vocation his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
Aesop~ People often grudge others what they cannot enjoy themselves.
Black Hawk~ Courage is not afraid to weep and she is not afraid to pray even when she is not sure who she is praying to.
George Eliot~ The beginning of an acquaintance whether with persons or things is to get a definite outline of our ignorance.
William Shakespeare~ For tis the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard...
Mark B. Cohen~ Nothing can so alienate a voter from the political system as backing a winning candidate.
Scarface~ Tony Montana I always tell the truth. Even when I lie.
Leadership is the ability to get men to do what they don't want to do and like it. (Harry S. Truman)
Herbert Clark Hoover~ Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as in knowing what to do next.
If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older. -Abraham Sutzkever
The opposite of love is not hate. It is indifference. -Mal Pancoast
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen. -John Steinbeck
Illegitimis non carborundum."Lat., "Don't let the bastards grind you down. -Gen. Joseph Stilwell
If you would lift me up you must be on higher ground. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A family came home from Church where the sermon was on Adam and Eve.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.
On the way to what you planned to happen, something even better comes along. -Janice Endique
John M. Capozzi~ Dig where the gold isunless you just need some exercise.
Rene Descartes~ Cogito ergo sum. (I think therefore I am.)
When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character. -Vince Gill
Benjamin Disraeli~ A conservative government is an organized hypocrisy.
Why is the practice called "fasting" when the time passes so slowly while you're doing it?
The love of life is necessary to the vigorous prosecution of any undertaking. -Samuel Johnson
Fortune befriends the bold. -John Dryden
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge. -John Watson
Rose Elizabeth Bird~ Art strives for form and hopes for beauty.
The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser - in case you thought optimism was dead. -Robert Brault
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week. -Spanish Proverb
Confrontation doesn't always bring a solution to the problem, but until you confront the problem, there will be no solution.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands. -Alexandria Penney
Laurence J. Peter~ Speak when you are angry - and you will make the best speech youll ever regret.
Charm is a way of getting the answer yes without asking a clear question. -Albert Camus, The Fall
Great art picks up where nature ends. -Marc Chagall
It is great wealth to a soul to live frugally with a contented mind. -Lucretius
David Hume~ Truth springs from argument amongst friends.
Patrice Gifford~ It is always wise to stop wishing for things long enough to enjoy the fragrance of those now flowering.
Do all you should, not all you could.
Consumers are statistics, customers are people.
I hate work. That's why I got married. - Peg Bundy
Kin Hubbard~ The fellow that agrees with everything you say is either a fool or he is getting ready to skin you.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. -Robert C. Gallagher
Roger Babson~ Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.
Samuel Johnson~ Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were. - Anonymous
Eric Pio~ A book is a story for the mind. A song is a story for the soul.
Wu Ting-Fang~ Education is like a double-edged sword. It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled.
Sterilise: what you do to your first baby's pacifier by boiling it and to your last baby's pacifier by blowing on it.
Euripides~ Silver and gold are not the only coin virtue too passes current all over the world.
Robert Conklin~ Its not the situation... Its your reaction to the situation.
M Scott Peck~ You cannot truly listen to anyone and do anything else at the same time.
The willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life is the source from which self-respect springs. - Joan Didion
Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -Erica Jong
Carol Matthau~ There is no old age. There is as there always was just you.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. - Andre Malraux
Pearl Buck~ There is an alchemy in sorrow. It can be transmuted into wisdom which if it does not bring joy can yet bring happiness.
Heinrich Heine~ Since the Exodus freedom has always spoken with a Hebrew accent.
These are days when no one should rely unduly on his "competence." Strength lies in improvisation. All the decisive blows are struck left-handed
Douglas Adams~ You live and learn. At any rate you live.
Often a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success. (Jim Backus)
Jacob Bigelow~ Life is just a mirror and what you see out there you must first see inside yourself.
Sir John Denham~ Tis the most certain sign the worlds accurst. That the best things corrupted are the worst.
Happiness lies in good health and a bad memory. -Ingrid Bergman
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother. -Voltaire
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times. -Baltasar Gracian
Pinarius~ As thou hast sown so shall thou reap.
Lillian Hellman~ Nobody outside of a baby carriage or a judges chamber believes in an unprejudiced point of view.
Charles Franklin Kettering~ An inventor fails times and if he succeeds once hes in. He treats his failures simply as practice shots.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow~ It is an illusion that youth is happy an illusion of those who have lost it.
George Eliot~ Its never too late to be who you might have been.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. - Mother Theresa
Vernon Howard~ Every day that you attempt to see things as they are in truth Is a supremely successful day.
It is better to deserve honours and not have them than to have them and not deserve them. (Mark Twain)
Mark Twain~ He would come in and say he changed his mind - which was a gilded figure of speech because he didnt have any.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a whatsit!
Sarah Ban Breathnach~ Youve got to make a conscious choice every day to shed the old - whatever the old means for you.
Unknown~ A best friend it like a four leaf clover - Hard to find and lucky to have.
Dorothy Bernard~ Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Aristotle~ Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Richard M. Nixon~ Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too.
Start by doing the necessary, then the possible and suddenly you are doing the impossible. (St. Francis of Assisi)
Elayne Boosler~ When the sun comes up I have morals again.
The Three great mysteries: air to a bird, water to a fish, mankind to himself. -Hindu Proverb
Napolean Hill~ Failure is natures plan to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Do not fear death so much, but rather the inadequate life. -Bertolt Brecht
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso
Mahatma Gandhi~ It is better to be violent if there is violence in our hearts than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
Franklin P. Adams~ The true republic men their rights and nothing more women their rights and nothing less.
Danish proverb~ To own is to fear.
La Rochefoucauld~ Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ One thing a computer can do that most humans cant is be sealed up in a cardboard box and sit in a warehouse.
La Rochefoucauld~ Perfect valor is to behave without witnesses as one would act were all the world watching.
Genius is the ability to reduce the complicated to the simple. -C W Ceran
The mechanics of industry is easy. The real engine is the people : Their motivation and direction. -Ken Gilbert
The taste of low quality lingers long after the satisfaction of low price.
We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys.
Samuel Beckett~ We are all born mad. Some remain so.
The most beautiful discovery two friends can make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
Elbert Hubbard~ The teacher is one who makes two ideas grow where only one grew before.
Pindar~ Sweet is war to those who know it not.
Arthur Schlesinger Jr.~ The genius of impeachment lay in the fact that it could punish the man without punishing the office.
Woody Allen~ On the plus side death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
Gordon R. Dickson~ Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it.
Frank Zappa~ Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
Leland Exton Modesitt Jr.~ Rule three hundred of obscure leadership if its your idea you get to implement it.
Dodie Smith~ I have found that sitting in a place that you have never sat before can be inspiring.
Anon.~ A person who aims at nothing is sure to hit it.
Helen Rowland~ One mans folly is another mans wife.
George Herbert~ Skill and confidence are an unconquered army.
Stephane Mallarme~ Dreams have as much influence as actions.
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee.
Bertrand Russell~ It is clear that thought is not free if the profession of certain opinions makes it impossible to earn a living.
I'm a lawyer. .. Honest?.. No, just the usual kind.
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them. -Confucius
Socrates~ My advice to you is get married if you find a good wife youll be happy if not youll become a philosopher.
Thomas Carlyle~ If you are ever in doubt as to whether to kiss a pretty girl always give her the benefit of the doubt.
Helen Rowland~ The follies which a man regrets most in his life are those which he didnt commit when he had the opportunity.
Albert Einstein~ The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
Proverbs Bible~ Faithful are the wounds of a friend but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
All that is necessary for the forces of evil to win in this world is for enough good men to do nothing. (Edmund Burke)
There are two theories about arguing with women. Neither one works.
When a person applies enthusiasm to his job, the job will itself become alive with exciting new possibilities. -Norman Vincent Peale
Margaret Anderson~ In real love you want the other persons good. In romantic love you want the other person.
Albert Camus~ To know oneself one should assert oneself.
Always keep several get well cards on the mantel. If unexpected guests arrive, they'll think you've been sick and unable to clean.
The word is half his that speaks, and half his that hears it. -Michel Eyquem
In spite of the cost of living, it's still quite popular.
It is not how much of your money you are going to give to God, but how much of God's money you are going to keep for yourself.
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or out. There's no such thing as a life in-between. -Pat Riley
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way. (John C. Maxwell)
Lewis Carroll~ Sometimes Ive believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change. -Douglas Noel Adams
Rudyard Kipling~ On the road to Mandalay Where the flyin fishes play An the dawn comes up like thunder outer China crost the bay.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness? -Jean Jacques Rousseau
Samuel Butler~ When you have told anyone you have left him a legacy the only decent thing to do is to die at once.
Concentrate on finding your goal, then concentrate on reaching it. -Michael Friedsam
Live every day as if it were your last, because one of these days, it will be. - Jeremy Schwartz
Wall Street Proverb~ Buy on the rumor sell on the news.
Eric Pio~ If you know its going to happen theres no need to call it a dream.
Reggie Leach~ Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people.
You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them. -Anonymous
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Always do what you are afraid to do.
The best way to have the last word is to apologize.
Dag Hammarskjld~ The only kind of dignity which is genuine is that which is not diminished by the indifference of of others.
You can lay down and die, or you can get up and fight, but that's it - there's no turning back. -Jon English
Unknown~ Realists dont fulfill their ambitions. There must be a dreamer in all of us.
It is wonderful what God can do with a broken heart, if He gets all the pieces. (Samuel Chadwick)
Charles de Montesquieu~ An author is a fool who not content with boring those he lives with insists on boring future generations.
Edward Thomas~ The past is the only dead thing that smells sweet.
Katharine Hepburn~ If you always do what interests you at least one person is pleased.
Samuel Johnson~ ESSAY - A loose sally of the mind an irregular indigested piece not a regular and orderly composition.
Wernher von Braun~ I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution.
George McGovern~ Im fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
Joseph Murphy~ We go where our vision is.
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ Living in a vacuum sucks.
One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination. -Sam Levenson
Lois McMaster Bujold~ Honesty is the only way with anyone when youll be so close as to be living inside each others skins.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. -Epictetus
Samuel Butler~ An apology for the devil it must be remembered that we have heard only one side of the case God has written all the books.
Benjamin Franklin~ If you would be loved love and be lovable.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer~ The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children.
Hoffer's law: When people are free to do what they want they usually imitate one another.
Will Rogers~ Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
There can be no happiness equal to the joy of finding a heart that understands. - Victor Robinson
Hellen Keller~ We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face. -William Makepeace Thackeray
Benjamin Franklin~ Be civil to all sociable to many familiar with few friend to one enemy to none.
Billy Madison~ Billy T-T-T-T-Today Junior
Clarence Darrow~ There is no such thing as justice - in or out of court.
Take rest. A field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. -Ovid
It's not good enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -Winston Churchill
Mark Twain~ There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you. -Wayne Dyer
Faith Baldwin~ Character builds slowly but it can be torn down with incredible swiftness.
Ed Daley~ Surfing is good for the soul worries seems to drift away as you scan the horizon for the next wave.
Write down the advice of him who loves you, though you like it not at present. - Proverb
Professor Irwin Corey~ If we dont change direction soon well end up where were going.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ They say the cows laid out Boston. Well there are worse surveyors.
Herbert Marshall McLuhan~ There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew.
Bill Watterson~ Leave it to a girl to take the fun out of sex discrimination.
Anyone can make a mountain out of a molehill by throwing on more dirt.
Bhagavad Gita~ One who sees inaction in action and action in inaction is intelligent among men.
Progress would not have been the rarity it is if the early food had not been the late poison. -Walter Bagehot
A ship in harbor is safe, but that's not why ships are built. -John Shedd
Sir Walter Scott~ Look back and smile on perils past.
Only those who can see the invisible can accomplish the impossible! -Patrick Snow, author of Creating Your Own Destiny
Peter McWilliams~ Many people weigh the guilt they will feel against the pleasure of the forbidden action they want to take.
Horace~ Pale Death with impartial tread beats at the poor mans cottage door and at the palaces of kings.
Esther M. Clark~ Give me one friend just one who meets The needs of all my varying moods.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded but the fear of pain or death.
Lichty and Wagner~ Oh I dont blame Congress. If I had billion at my disposal Id be irresponsible too.
Albert Einstein~ The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax.
Niels Bohr~ Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ Everything has been figured out except how to live.
Thomas Jefferson~ It is neither wealth nor splendor but tranquility and occupation which give happiness.
On a single winged word hath hung the destiny of nations. -Wendall Phillips
William Shakespeare~ He who has injured thee was either stronger or weaker than thee. If weaker spare him if stronger spare thyself.
Arthur Schlesinger Jr.~ History is full of surprises.
Donald Barthelme~ The best way to live is by not knowing what will happen to you at the end of the day...
There's no ceiling on effort! -Harvey C. Fruehauf
This isn't just a legal compliance issue for us. We consider the privacy issue to be an opportunity to reinforce our brand image. - Tom Warga
Clarence Darrow~ Chase after truth like hell and youll free yourself even though you never touch its coat-tails.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ You should always go to other peoples funerals otherwise they wont come to yours.
Did you know that Kangaroos can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
No man can be happy without a friend, nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy. -Thomas Fuller
Erich Fromm~ Mans main task in life is to give birth to himself to become what he potentially is.
Dr.~ Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow it only saps today of its joy.
Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing. - Euripides
Whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........
A journey of a thousand miles always begins with one step. (ancient Egyptian proverb)
Calvin S. Hall~ Effective thinking consists of being able to arrive at the truth truth being defined as that which exists.
Harry Sanders~ Sure winning isnt everything. Its the only thing.
A good exercise for the heart is to bend down and help another up.
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St. Francis of Assisi
Maurice Masterlinck~ All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing.
Trey and Matt Stone Parker~ Sometimes whats right isnt as important as whats profitable.
Bertrand Russell~ The thing that I should wish to obtain from money would be leisure with security.
Unknown~ Run straight ahead And if anything gets in your way...turn
It sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities, but its own talents. -Eric Hoffer
Please do not complain about the coffee. You'll be old and weak someday, too!
Stephen Vizinczey~ Strange as it seems no amount of learning can cure stupidity and formal education positively fortifies it.
Confucius~ The firm the enduring the simple and the modest are near to virtue.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Virtue is the only true nobility. -Thomas Fuller
Edmund Burke~ Toleration is good for all or it is good for none.
John Adams~ Liberty cannot be preserved without a general knowledge among the people.
Chuang-tzu~ Rewards and punishments are the lowest form of education.
Do for others with no desire of returned favor. We all should plant some trees we'll never sit under.
William Kunstler~ This is New York and theres no law against being annoying.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ There are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still.
Taisen Deshimaru~ If you are not happy here and now you never will be.
A pile of rocks ceases to be a rock when somebody contemplates it with the idea of a cathedral in mind. -Saint Exupery
There are two types of people who can tell you the truth about yourself: an enemy who has lost his temper and a friend who loves you dearly.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -Truman Capote
Henry George~ He who sees the truth let him proclaim it without asking who is for it or who is against it.
Henry Ward Beecher~ The mothers heart is the childs schoolroom.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present. - Danny Devito
Sir William Preece~ The Americans have need of the telephone but we do not. We have plenty of messenger boys.
Who is sure of their own motives can in confidence advance or retreat. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
George Bernard Shaw~ The man who listens to Reason is lost reason enslaves all whose minds are not strong enough to master her.
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. -Benjamin Disraeli
One of the surest hindrances to the recovery of the sick is the centring of attention upon themselves. (Ellen White)
Dream no smalldreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful we must carry it with us or we find it not.
Barbara Charline Jordan~ What the people want is very simple. They want an America as good as its promise.
Dr. Dale E. Turner~ People who make no mistakes lack boldness and the spirit of adventure. They are the brakes on the wheels of progress.
Leonard Louis Levinson~ History is the short trudge from Adam to atom.
David Russell~ We live in a Newtonian world of Einsteinian physics ruled by Frankenstein logic.
Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creative. -Charles Mingus
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail. -David Merrick
You are what you think about all day long. -Robert Schuller
Herodotus~ Men trust their ears less than their eyes.
Nobody owes anybody a living, but everybody is entitled to a chance. -Jack Dempsey
Wendy Cope~ Im aiming by the time Im fifty to stop being an adolescent.
A drop of ink may make a million think.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience. - Oliver Wendell-holmes
Arthur Koestler~ If the creator had a purpose in equipping us with a neck he surely meant us to stick it out.
George Smith Patton Jr.~ Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack.
Marie Ebner von Eschenbach~ In youth we learn in age we understand.
Dr. Viktor E Frankl~ What is to give light must endure burning.
Jim Rohn~ The book you dont read cant help.
Remember, what you say comes back to you. -Zig Ziglar
You never find yourself until you face the truth. - Pearl Bailey
Bad excuses are worse than none. -Thomas Fuller
James Arthur Baldwin~ To defend ones self against fear is simply to ensure that one will one day be conquered by it fears must be faced.
Margaret Cho~ Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart.
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll get nothing done. -Norman Vincent Peale
Lynn Johnston~ Complaining is good for you as long as youre not complaining to the person youre complaining about.
I've run less risk driving my way across country than eating my way across it. -Duncan Hines
The highest of distinctions is service to others. -King George Vi
Thomas Jefferson~ Difference of opinion is helpful in religion.
A. C. Benson~ Ones mind has a way of making itself up in the background and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.
Enthusiasm is the leaping lightning, not to be measured by the horse-power of the understanding. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Warren Bennis~ Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Oscar Wilde~ Perhaps after all America never has been discovered. I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
In order to succeed, you must first be willing to fail. -Anonymous
Henri Cartier-Bresson~ To me photography is the simultaneous recognition in a fraction of a second of the significance of an event.
William Shedd~ A ship in harbour is safe but that is not what ships are built for.
Scott Adams~ We expect others to act rationally even though we are irrational.
Anon.~ BASIC - A programming language. Related to certain social diseases in that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.
English Proverb~ In times of prosperity friends will be plenty in times of adversity not one in twenty.
Karen Elizabeth Gordon~ Either Ive been missing something or nothing has been going on.
Arthur C. Clarke~ The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
William Shakespeare~ I have Immortal longings in me.
Irma Kurtz~ Givers have to set limits because takers rarely do.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
Edward Gibbon~ I never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions I have no respect.
Assyrian Proverb~ He who doesnt risk never gets to drink champagne.
Samuel Goldwyn~ I read part of it all the way through.
Ovid~ We can learn even from our enemies.
Make your life a mission, not an intermission. (Arnold Glasgow)
Henri Frdric Amiel~ The test of every religious political or educational system is the man that it forms.
Charles Caleb Colton~ No man is wise enough nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power.
Ronald Reagan~ Tonight we are launching an effort which holds the promise of changing the course of human history.
90% of men kiss their wife goodbye when they leave the house. ... The rest kiss their house goodbye when they leave the wife.
No person is ever good for much, that hasn't been swept off their feet by enthusiasm between ages twenty and thirty. -James A. Froude
Julia Louise Woodruff~ Out of the strain of the Doing Into the peace of the Done.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself. -Aeschylus
If I have seen further, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. -Sir Isaac Newton
Dr. Viktor E Frankl~ Those who have a why to live can bear with almost any how.
Anne Bradstreet~ If ever two were one then surely we. If ever man were loved by wife then thee.
Mark Twain~ Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
William Shakespeare~ A jests prosperity lies in the ear Of him that hears it never in the tongue Of him that makes it.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ A witty saying proves nothing.
Brendan Francis~ If you greatly desire something have the guts to stake everything on obtaining it.
Jean-Paul Sartre~ Hell is other people.
Anon.~ Great minds think alike.
Eugene V. Debs~ I have no country to fight for my country is the earth and I am a citizen of the world.
Greg Evans~ Anger at lies lasts forever. Anger at truth cant last.
If you are truly flexible and go until... there is really very little you can't accomplish in your lifetime. -Anthony Robbins
A good composer does not imitate; he steals. - Igor Stravinsky
Benjamin King~ Nowhere to fall but off Nowhere to stand but on.
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom. -Napoléon I
George Foreman~ Generally when theres a lot of smoke...theres just a whole lot more smoke.
Yesterday today was tomorrow yet tomorrow today will be yesterday.
Marcus Aurelius~ How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
Whoever does not regard what he has as most amply wealth, is unhappy, though he be master of the world. -Epictetus
Thomas Fuller~ All things are difficult before they are easy.
Foxhunting... the unspeakable pursuing the inedible. - Oscar Wilde
Hellen Keller~ Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
William Shakespeare~ Love all trust a few. Do wrong to none.
Encouraged people achieve the best; dominated people achieve second best; neglected people achieve the least. -Anonymous
Marguerite Duras~ The best way to fill time is to waste it.
I find it unusual that it is more socially acceptable to complain about what you have than it is to ask for what you want. - Phil Lout
D. H. Lawrence~ But then peace peace I am so mistrustful of it so much afraid that it means a sort of weakness and giving in.
The history of the world is full of men who rose to leadership, by sheer force of self-confidence, bravery and tenacity. - Mahatma Gandhi
Scarface~ Tony Montana Me I want whats coming to me. Manny Oh well whats coming to you Tony Montana The world Chico and everything in it.
Computers are like air-conditioners: both stop working, if you open windows.
If one doesn't respect oneself one can have neither love nor respect for others. -Ayn Rand
There is possibility in impossibility. -Author unknown
Mark Twain~ A classic is a book which people praise and dont read.
Barbara Kingsolver~ What keeps you going isnt some fine destination but just the road youre on and the fact that you know how to drive.
H. Heimlich~ If all your peers understand what youve done its not creative.
When your heart speaks, take good notes.
I've learned that money doesn't buy class. - Andy Rooney
Earl Warren~ The fantastic advances in the field of communication constitute a grave danger to the privacy of the individual.
George Santayana~ Intolerance itself is a form of egoism and to condemn egoism intolerantly is to share it.
Homer~ It is not possible to fight beyond your strength even if you strive.
Pearl Buck~ Inside myself is a place where I live all alone and thats where you renew your springs that never dry up.
Ronald Reagan~ The taxpayer - thats someone who works for the federal government but doesnt have to take the civil service examination.
He who buys what he does not need steals from himself.
Mark Twain~ Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Gordon William Allport~ Love recieved and love given comprise the best form of therapy.
What now is proved was once only imagined. (William Blake)
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put one's thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world. -Goethe
Sir Arthur Eddington~ Not only is the universe stranger than we imagine it is stranger than we can imagine.
Juvenal~ A healthy mind in a healthy body.
I've heard old cunning stagers Say, fools for arguments use wagers. - Samuel Butler (1)
Victor Hugo~ I dont mind what Congress does as long as they dont do it in the streets and frighten the horses.
Sir Winston Churchill~ The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
Dr. Howard Murphy~ It is impossible to walk rapidly and be unhappy.
Frank Crane~ Habits are safer than rules you dont have to watch them. And you dont have to keep them either. They keep you.
Your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think of you.
Samuel Johnson~ Silence propagates itself and the longer talk has been suspended the more difficult it is to find anything to say.
William Blake~ The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
Live so that your friends can defend you but never have to. -Arnold Glasow
Bertolt Brecht~ What happens to the hole when the cheese is gone
The Talmud~ Who is a wise man He who learns of all men.
Gail~ Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater.
Anon.~ Bulls make money. Bears make money. Pigs get slaughtered.
George Herbert Allen~ Man is what he believes.
Some of the worlds greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. -Unknown Author
Warren Miller~ Dont take life seriously because you cant come out of it alive.
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there! (Will Rogers)
Dr. Irwin Sarason~ Good friends are good for your health.
Reinhold Niebuhr~ Goodness armed with power is corrupted and pure love without power is destroyed.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ An idea is salvation by imagination.
Sydney Harris~ Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own.
Unknown~ I have not lost my mind - its backed up on disk somewhere.
Paul Tournier~ Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
Josiah Quincy~ When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform always do the most disagreeable first.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ If people dont want to come out to the ballpark nobodys going to stop em
Frank W. Woolworth~ Dreams never hurt anybody if you keep working right behind the dreams to make as much of them become real as you can.
Dennis OKeefe~ I told you he had a cash register mind. Rings every time he opens his mouth.
Julius Henry Marx~ Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Leo Tolstoy~ The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. - Walter Lippman
When I am right, I get angry. Churchill gets angry when he is wrong. So we were often angry at each other. -Charles De Gaulle. - Charles De Gaulle
Do penguins have knees?
Expressing anger is a form of public littering. -Willard Gaylin. - Willard Gaylin
Koran~ Wealth and children are the adornment of life.
A crisis is a close encounter of the third kind. -Guy Finley
Only those who do nothing make no mistakes. -Anonymous
Jesse Louis Jackson~ My constituency is the desperate the damned the disinherited the disrespected and the despised.
INSERT INTO `fam_quotes` VALUES
When you are at school, you wish you where old enough to work. When you are old enough to work, you wish you were at school.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.
Cicero~ Freedom is a possession of inestimable value.
Plato~ Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber.
Cullen Hightower~ Our ego is our silent partner - too often with a controlling interest.
Business today consists in persuading crowds. - Gerald Stanley Lee
All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle
Confucius~ Is virtue a thing remote I wish to be virtuous and lo Virtue is at hand.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ With most men unbelief in one thing springs from blind belief in another.
Abraham Lincoln~ The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young. -A. W. Pinero
John Keats~ What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be. -Kahlil Gibran
Don't be a BEN brother, should have been, would have been, could have been, or might have been. - Unknown
Mary McCarthy~ We all live in suspense from day to day In other words you are the hero of your own story.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa
It is the wounded oyster that mends its shell with the pearl.
Robinson Jeffers~ The heads of strong old age are beautiful beyond all grace of youth.
David Hume~ It is seldom that liberty of any kind is lost all at once.
I know Karate! ...and several other Japanese words.
The beginning is the most important part of the work. -Plato
The opposite of love is not hate, but apathy. You cannot hate someone you don't care about.
Romanian Proverb~ The anvil fears no blows.
Bill Clinton~ There is nothing wrong with America that cannot be cured by what is right with America.
It's fun being a kid. -Bradford Arthur Angier
Most people stand on the dock of life waiting for their ship to come in when deep down inside they know it has never left port. -Zig Ziglar
How is it that a building burns up as it burns down?
Gladys Taber~ We need time to dream time to remember and time to reach the infinite. Time to be.
Henry David Thoreau~ Whatever sentence will bear to be read twice we may be sure was thought twice.
Christina G. Rossetti~ Spring is when lifes alive in everything.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction. - Mme De Staël
Earnst Angst~ Ask not for whom the bell tolls You might get an answer you dont especially like.
criminal, n. A person with predatory instincts who has not sufficient capital to form a corporation. - Howard Scott
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. (Hannah More)
We can be knowledgeable with other men's knowledge, but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom. (Michel de Montaigne)
Anybody can do anything that he imagines. -Henry Ford
A. E. Housman~ And malt does more than Milton can To justify Gods ways to man.
Excuses are the easiest things to manufacture, and the hardest things to sell.
You wouldn't care what people thought of you if you realised how seldom they do.
George Bernard Shaw~ Money enables us to get what we want instead of what other people think we want.
Just Do It. -Nike
Pat Robertson~ ...There is no such thing as ... separation of state and church ... in the Constitution. Its a lie of the left.
Jules de Gautier~ Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.
Mao Tse Tung~ Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed.
Audre Lorde~ Revolution is not a onetime event.
Anthony DAngelo~ Without a sense of caring there can be no sense of community.
Gertrude Stein~ Silent gratitude isnt very much use to anyone.
Mark Twain~ The billiard table is better than the doctor.
When the world says, Give up, hope whispers, Try it one more time. -Author unknown
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised.
Sharon Salzberg~ Each decision we make each action we take is born out of an intention.
Slump, and the world slumps with you. Push, and you push alone. -Laurence J. Peter
William Cowper~ Glory built on selfish principles is shame and guilt.
It is okay to visit your past just don't bring any luggage with you.
Suzanne Heller~ Misery is when grown-ups dont realize how miserable kids can feel.
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are. -Les Brown
Cernuda y Bidon Luis Cernuda~ Everything beautiful has its moment and then passes away.
Frank Vanderlip~ A conservative is a man who does not think that anything should be done for the first time.
He who stops being better stops being good. - Oliver Cromwell
Sinclair Lewis~ There are two insults no human being will endure that he has no sense of humor and that the has never known trouble.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Jimmy Buffett~ If we couldnt laugh we would all go insane.
Cheerfulness is contagious, but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a "carrier".
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want. - Ben Stein
Josh Billings~ The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his own way.
Murphy's Law isn't recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Security is a kind of death. -Tennessee Williams
George Sheehan~ Happiness is different from pleasure. Happiness has something to do with struggling and enduring and accomplishing.
Pierre Corneille~ He who allows himself to be insulted deserves to be.
Thomas Fuller~ With foxes we must play the fox.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Whatever may befall thee it was preordained for thee from everlasting.
James Stephens~ Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
Before you build a better mousetrap, it helps to know if there are any mice out there. -Mortimer B. Zuckerman
Kids need love the most when they're acting most unlovable. (Erma Bombeck)
Crow The~ Eric Draven Little things use to mean so much to Shelley - I thought they were kind of trivial. Believe me nothing is trivial.
Albert Einstein~ What is inconceivable about the universe is that it is at all conceivable.
Failure is a prerequisite for great success. If you want to succeed faster, double your rate of failure. -Brian Tracy
Dedication is not what others expect of you; it is what you can give to others.
Old School~ Frank Blue youre my boy
Marie de Rabutin-Chantal~ True friendship is never serene.
Julius Henry Marx~ Ive had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasnt it.
John Ruskin~ Every increased possession loads us with new weariness.
F. E. Smedley~ Alls fair in love and war.
Lady Nancy Astor~ One reason I dont drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.
Robert Burton~ A good conscience is a continual feast.
Novalis~ The artist belongs to his work not the work to the artist.
Albert Einstein~ Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
Celibacy is not an inherited characteristic.
George Eliot~ There are many victories worse than a defeat.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest. (Rev. Larry Lorenzoni)
If raindrops were kisses, I would send you a storm. (Natasha Isabelle)
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to everyone.
What the caterpillar calls the end, the rest of the world calls a butterfly. -Lao Tsu
Walt Kelly~ We have met the enemy and it is us.
Publilius Syrus~ It is better to learn late than never.
Jean Jacques Rousseau~ People who know little are usually great talkers while men who know much say little.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Change comes not from men and women changing their minds but from the change from one generation to the next.
Life must be lived forward, but can only be understood backwards. -Kierkegaard
Stephen William Hawking~ It matters if you just dont give up.
Josh Billings~ Reason often makes mistakes but conscience never does.
Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler. - Nietzsche
William Shakespeare~ My meaning in saying he is a good man is to have you understand me that he is sufficient.
Elizabeth Elton Smith~ There is an applause superior to that of the multitudes ones own.
Henry C. Link~ While one person hesitates because he feels inferior the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.
L. L. Henderson~ Fathers send their sons to college either because they went to college or because they didnt.
Homer~ I detest that man who hides one thing in the depths of his heart and speaks for another.
William Shakespeare~ Give every man thine ear but few thy voice take each mans censure but reserve thy judgement.
Publilius Syrus~ What is left when honor is lost
Albert Einstein~ Generations to come will find it difficult to believe that a man such as Gandhi ever walked the face of this earth.
Few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder. -George Washington
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Childrens playthings are not sports and should be deemed as their most serious actions.
Eric Pio~ If you dont make your dreams a reality reality will take away your dreams.
Cecil Baxter~ You dont get anything clean without getting something else dirty.
James Corbett~ You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough you fight one more round.
Meister Eckhart~ If the only prayer you ever say in your whole life is thank you that would suffice.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. -Buddha
Don't get married only because of the money. You can borrow it cheaper. (Z. Z. Gabor)
Mark Twain~ The rule is perfect in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane.
David Ross Brower~ All technology should be assumed guilty until proven innocent.
Charles Peguy~ It is innocence that is full and experience that is empty. It is innocence that wins and experience that loses.
Ignorance of one's misfortunes is clear gain. (Euripides)
Arab Proverb~ The whisper of a pretty girl can be heard further than the roar of a lion.
Profit is a by-product of work; happiness is its chief product. -Henry Ford
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Doubt is not a pleasant condition but certainty is absurd.
Alfred E. Wiggam~ A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
Chance favors only those who court her. -Charles Nicolle
Tom Clancy~ The difference between fiction and reality Fiction has to make sense.
Benjamin Franklin~ If Jacks in love hes no judge of Jills beauty.
Steven Wright~ If you shoot at mimes should you use a silencer
I care not what others think of what I do, but I care very much about what I think of what I do. That is character! - (Theodore Roosevelt)
The more you love what you are doing, the more successful it will be for you. -Jerry Gillies
Anything unattempted remains impossible. -Unknown Author
Why do people have "hot water heaters"? If your water is hot, why heat it?
Jewish Proverb~ A half-truth is a whole lie.
Arthur Brisbane~ Get away from the crowd when you can. Keep yourself to yourself if only for a few hours daily.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. -Hugh Downs
Many hands make light work. -John Heywood
We don't grow unless we take risks. Any successful company is riddled with failures. -James E. Burke
Assyrian Proverb~ The rich would have to eat money if the poor did not provide food.
J. K. Rowling~ Hearing voices no one else can hear isnt a good sign even in the wizarding world.
Seneca~ The best ideas are common property.
My house was clean last week. Sorry you missed it.
George Bernard Shaw~ A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell.
Belva Plain~ How helpless we are like netted birds when we are caught by desire
It's the niceties that make the difference fate gives us the hand, and we play the cards. - Arthur Schopenhauer
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. -Michelangelo
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. -James M. Barrie
Benjamin Franklin~ How many observe Christs birthday How few his precepts O tis easier to keep holidays than commandments.
Share our similarities, celebrate our differences. -M. Scott Peck
Childhood is that wonderful time of life when all you need do to lose weight is to take a bath.
Ingmar Bergman~ I hope I never get so old I get religious.
Pierre Charron~ The true science and study of man is man.
Life is like a ladder, the higher you climb, the more expansive your view is. (Taimi Megivern)
When an old man dies, a library burns down. (African proverb)
Anon.~ To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism to steal ideas from many is research.
Henry Waldorf Francis~ A court is a place where what was confused before becomes more unsettled than ever.
I Ching~ The quiet and solitary man apprehends the inscrutable. He seeks nothing holds to the mean and remains free from entanglements.
Charles F. Kettering~ An inventor is simply a fellow who doesnt take his education too seriously.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I know not what others may choose but, as for me, give me liberty or give me death. -Patrick Henry
B. J. Gupta~ There is no logical answer to the question Why be moral. Religions provide practical answers to the question.
Louis Johannot~ The only reason I always try to meet and know the parents better is because it helps me to forgive their children.
Margaret Thatcher~ Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy.
Niels Henrik David Bohr~ No no youre not thinking youre just being logical.
Ludwig Wittgenstein~ Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ I call architecture frozen music.
Peter Drucker~ The computer is a moron.
Bill Lee~ You should enter a ballpark the way you enter a church.
Ambition never comes to an end. -Yoshida Kenko
Arnot L. Sheppard Jr.~ Isnt it surprising how many things if not said immediately seem not worth saying ten minutes from now
We are all manufacturers. Making good, making trouble, or making excuses. -H. V. Adolt
Italian Proverb~ Once the game is over the king and the pawn go back in the same box.
The noblest search is the search for excellence. -Lyndon B. Johnson
Ato Boldon~ My performances have finally caught up with my ego.
Comte DeBussy-Rabutin~ Absence is to love what wind is to fire it extinguishes the small it enkindles the great.
Jerry Coleman~ Ozzie makes a leaping diving stop shovels to Fernando and everybody drops everything.
William Drayton~ Change starts when someone sees the next step.
What flowers grow between your nose and your chin? .... Tulips.
German proverb~ Rast ich so rost ich. (When I rest I rust.)
It is not necessary to hope in order to understand, nor to succeed in order to persevere. -Charles The Bold
Miguel de Cervantes~ The ass will carry his load but not a double load ride not a free horse to death.
Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality. -Ralph Marston
La Rochefoucauld~ We are never so ridiculous through what we are as through what we pretend to be.
Albert Einstein~ The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
An old-timer is someone who remembers every detail of their life story, but cannot remember how many times they have told the same person.
The most distinguishing feature of winners is their intensity of purpose. -Alymer Letterman
Be awfully nice to them going up, because you're gonna meet them all coming down. - Jimmy Durante
The idea of thanking staff should mean giving them something that they would never buy for themselves. -Jayne Crook
The truth is like ice water, it shocks you when it hits you, but no one's ever died from it.
A tear shed can say more than a hundred words spoken.
Cindy Gardner~ Whats the difference between a boyfriend and a husband About pounds.
Ronald Reagan~ The White House is the leakiest place Ive ever been in. (On special measures to ensure secrecy of plans to bomb Libya)
Some people develop a wish bone where their back bone should be. -Unknown Author
Mark Twain~ Religion consists of a set of things which the average man thinks he believes and wishes he was certain.
Simondes of Ceos~ The city is the teacher of the man.
What I am looking for is a blessing not in disguise. -Kitty O'neill Collins
Self-trust is the first secret of success. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
P. J. ORourke~ When buying and selling are controlled by legislation the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.
Stephen Covey~ Live out of your imagination not your history.
Carl Gustav Jung~ Nobody as long as he moves about among the currents of life is without trouble.
Vicomte de Chateaubriand~ One does not learn how to die by killing others.
In the pasture of life, don't be a cowpie.
If we are walking in joy, we are trusting God.
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, I believe. -Norman Vincent Peale
The a cyclone drives its powers from a calm center. So does a person. -Norman Vincent Peale
Plato~ I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
William Shakespeare~ To mourn a mischief that is past and gone Is the next way to draw new mischief on.
Pearl Sydenstricker Buck~ To serve is beautiful but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart and a free mind.
Don't go into something to test the waters, go into things to make waves. -Unknown Author
Adolescence and snow are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
Anyone who has time to look for a 4- leaf clover needs to find one.
Don't be so humble, you're not that great. (Golda Meir)
A crisis is when you can't say: "let's forget the whole thing".
Carl Sandburg~ Im an idealist. I dont know where Im going but Im on my way.
Bulgarian Proverb~ Seize opportunity by the beard for it is bald behind.
Bible~ Do to others what you would have them do to you.
Steve Droke~ Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Twas blow for blow, disputing inch by inch, For one would not retreat, nor t'other flinch. - Lord Byron (George Gordon Noel Byron)
Choose a job you like and you will never have to work a day of your life.(Confucius)
The real test in golf and in life is not in keeping out of the rough, but in getting out after you are in. -Zig Ziglar
Conte Vittorio Alfieri~ Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
It is hard for an empty bag to stand upright. -Benjamin Franklin
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average. -M. H. Alderson
Fletcher~ He never is alone that is accompanied with noble thoughts.
Jacques LeBlanc~ I do not like this word bomb. It is not a bomb it is a device which is exploding.
William J. ONeil~ of the people in the stock market professionals and amateurs alike simply havent done enough homework.
Don Rose~ The reason people sweat is so they wont catch fire when making love.
Before beginning, plan carefully. -Marcus T. Cicero
Maitri Upanishads~ The honey from the flowers of the senses Ever present within ruler of time Goes beyond fear. For this Self is Supreme
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ The face of a child can say it all especially the mouth part of the face.
That which costs little is less valued. -Miguel De Cervantes
Live for Jesus now and spend the rest of eternity in the non-smoking section.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
Steve Post~ Remember a closed mouth gathers no foot.
Roy Hattersley~ In politics being ridiculous is more damaging than being extreme.
Elizabeth Bowen~ Nobody speaks the truth when theres something they must have.
Lawana Blackwell~ Youth isnt always all its touted to be.
Bella Abzug~ Women have been trained to speak softly and carry a lipstick. Those days are over.
Carl R. Rogers~ What I am is good enough if I could only be it openly.
Portuguese Proverb~ The dog wags his tail not for you but for your bread.
Mignon McLaughlin~ A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles.
William Shakespeare~ I must be cruel only to be kind Thus bad begins and worse remains behind.
Goals are dreams with deadlines.
The trouble with work is - it's so daily.
George Gordon Byron~ Wives in their husbands absences grow subtler And daughters sometimes run off with the butler.
Stephen Hawking~ To confine our attention to terrestrial matters would be to limit the human spirit.
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ The people and circumstances around me do not MAKE me what I am they REVEAL who I am.
Tact is the ability to tell your boss that he is open-minded when you know he has a hole in his head.
Kahlil Gibran~ Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.
In communism, man oppresses man. In capitalism, it's the other way around.
Being listened to and heard is one of the greatest desires of the human heart. (Richard Carlson)
For he who loves must live. - Unknown
John Dean~ An answer is always a form of death.
Albert Einstein~ The only real valuable thing is intuition.
You do not have to be superhuman to do what you believe in. -Debbi Fields
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see. -Duane Michals
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
Midge Dector~ Ideas are powerful things requiring not a studious contemplation but an action even if it is only an inner action.
A clear fire, a clean hearth, and the rigour of the game. - Charles Lamb (used pseudonym Elia)
Henry Louis Mencken~ It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.
Ernest Hemingway~ When people talk listen completely. Most people never listen.
Chinese Proverb~ The man who does not learn is dark like one walking in the night.
Francis Bacon~ It is impossible to love and to be wise.
Kahlil Gibran~ Your confidence in the people and your doubt about them are closely related to your self-confidence and your self-doubt.
When you are arguing with a fool, make sure he isn't doing the same thing. -Unknown author
No one can make you jealous, angry, vengeful, or greedy - unless you let him. -Napoleon Hill
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Voltaire~ There is a wide difference between speaking to deceive and being silent to be impenetrable.
Steven Wright~ Theres a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.
I have learned that no matter how good a friend is, they're going to hurt you every once in a while and you must forgive them for that.
Ronald Reagan~ Some say it will bring war to the heavens but its purpose is to deter war in the heavens and on earth.
Granville Hicks~ A censor is a man who knows more than he thinks you ought to.
We think according to nature. We speak according to rules. We act according to custom. -Francis Bacon
Discipline is the foundation upon which all success is built. Lack of discipline inevitably leads to failure. -Jim Rohn
Richard Milhous Nixon~ A man is not finished when hes defeated hes finished when he quits.
Seneca~ There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
P. J. ORourke~ Politicians are interested in people. Not that it is always a virtue. Fleas are interested in dogs.
Chance is the providence of adventurers. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Oprah Winfrey~ Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Menander~ Let bravery be thy choice but not bravado.
Spectacular achievements are always preceded by unspectacular preparation. -Roger Staubach
Abraham Lincoln~ Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but two Wrights made an airplane.
Gore Vidal~ Teaching has ruined more American novelists than drink.
Eugene Debs~ The most heroic word in all languages is revolution.
The only thing worse than an ignorant man is an ignorant man with a bible.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ A mans errors are what make him amiable.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Theres always one who loves and one who lets himself be loved.
Thomas Jefferson~ Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ Our own heart and not other mens opinion form our true honor.
D. J. Hicks~ Paranoids are people too they have their own problems. Its easy to criticize but if everybody hated you youd be paranoid too.
If you don't ask, you don't get. - Mahatma Gandhi
Lawrence Peter Berra~ So Im ugly. I never saw anyone hit with his face.
Japanese Proverb~ One kind word can warm three winter months.
Wendell Johnson~ Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
Scott Adams~ You can never underestimate the stupidity of the general public.
Salvador Dali~ Have no fear of perfection - youll never reach it.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own acres of diamonds. -Earl Nightingale
If you make a living, if you earn your own money, you're free - however free one can be on this planet. - Theodore H. White
Miguel de Cervantes~ Sing away sorrow cast away care.
Confidence on the outside begins by living with integrity on the inside. -Brian Tracy
Edward Abbey~ One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes but for real bona fide stupidity there aint nothin can beat teamwork.
If wealth is lost nothing is lost. If health is lost something is lost. If character/reputation is lost everything is lost.
Art Buchwald~ The best things in life arent things.
Robert Valett~ The human heart feels things the eyes cannot see and knows what the mind cannot understand.
William Blake~ Mutual forgiveness of each vice. Such are the Gates of Paradise.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. -Oprah Winfrey
Zen Proverb~ Man stands in his own shadow and wonders why its dark.
The first wealth is health. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Stubbornness does have its helpful features. You always know what you're going to be thinking tomorrow. - Glen Beaman
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ For how many things which for our own sake we should never do do we perform for the sake of our friends.
Democritus~ More men have become great through practice than by nature.
Fair and softly goes far. - Miguel De Cervantes
The unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
Orlando A. Battista~ Whats done to children they will do to society.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ We all have strength enough to endure the misfortunes of others.
Jacques Maritain~ Christianity taught men that love is worth more than intelligence.
Albert Einstein~ It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
Knowing what you can not do is more important than knowing what you can do. In fact, that's good taste. - Lucille Ball
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose. - Hada Bejar
A man full of courage is also full of faith. -Cicero
Don't waste time calculating your chances of success and failure. Just fix your aim and begin. -Guan Yin Tzu
Jean-Paul Sartre~ In love one and one are one.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. -Duke Ellington
We are what we imagine ourselves to be. -Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Preach the Gospel at all times ... if necessary, use words. (St. Francis of Assisi)
Miguel de Cervantes~ Tell me thy company and I will tell thee what thou art.
Like fragile ice anger passes away in time. [Lat., Ut fragilis glacies interit ira mora.] - Ovid (Publius Ovidius Naso)
Tobias G. Smollett~ Who bravely dares must sometimes risk a fall.
Abbe DAllanival~ The more alternatives the more difficult the choice.
A transcendent being can be any miracle. -Wayne Dyer
Douglas Adams~ It is no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase As pretty as an Airport appear.
Stanislaw Lec~ People find life entirely too time-consuming.
Madame Swetchine~ Kindness causes us to learn and to forget many things.
La Rochefoucauld~ One is never as fortunate or as unfortunate as one thinks.
William James~ Religion whatever it is is a mans total reaction upon life.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning. - Collin Quek
Cicero~ It is a great thing to know our vices.
Voltaire~ This agglomeration which was called and which still calls itself the Holy Roman Empire was neither holy nor Roman nor an empire.
Irving Layton~ Brains you know are suspect in the Republican Party.
You can disagree without being disagreeable. -Zig Ziglar
No prayer is spoken too softly to be heard. (Natasha Isabelle)
Your worst humiliation is only someone else's momentary entertainment. (Karen Crockett)
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
The golden rule for every business man is this: Put yourself in your customer's place. -Orison Swett Marden
Vicki Baum~ Courage comes and goes. Hold on for the next supply.
The rich live hand-to-mouth too-just on a higher level. -John Guare
It's not the situation, but whether we react (negative) or respond (positive) to the situation that's important. -Zig Ziglar
Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies. -Robert Kennedy
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The world is emblematic. Parts of speech are metaphors because the whole of nature is a metaphor of the human mind.
Honore de Balzac~ Power is not revealed by striking hard or often but by striking true.
Pope John Paul I~ If someone had told me I would be Pope one day I would have studied harder.
Bruce B. Dan~ We can now prove that large numbers of Americans are dying from sitting on their behinds.
Every business is built on friendship. -J. C. Penney
Silius Italicus~ Virtue herself is her own fairest reward.
When you have them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow. -Jerry Martin
Charles De Gaulle~ Now I shall return to my village and there will remain at the disposition of the nation.
Aristotle~ This communicating of a mans self to his friend works two contrary effects for it redoubleth joys and cutteth griefs in half.
John Stuart Mill~ That which seems the height of absurdity in one generation often becomes the height of wisdom in the next.
Abraham Lincoln~ All that I am or hope to be I owe to my angel mother.
One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments. -Henry Ward Beecher
Stanislaus Lescynski~ To believe with certainty we must begin with doubting.
Tough times never last but tough people do. -Robert Schuller
Groucho Marx~ Women should be obscene and not heard.
Hesketh Pearson~ Misquotations are the only quotations that are never misquoted.
H. Jackson Jr. Brown~ Never deprive someone of hope it might be all they have.
It is amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away. (Michael Arlen)
Children need models rather than critics. -Joseph Joubert Persees
Don't limit your challenges - challenge your limits.
French Proverb~ Wait until it is night before saying that is has been a fine day.
Charles M. Schulz~ My life has no purpose no direction no aim no meaning and yet Im happy. I cant figure it out. What am I doing right
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The best effect of fine persons is felt after we have left their presence.
Margaret Cho~ People drain me even the closest of friends and I find loneliness to be the best state in the union to live in.
Tom Gates~ That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling in itself.
You have reached middle age when the phone rings on Saturday night, you pray it isn't for you.
Fred Allen~ Television is a new medium. Its called a medium because nothing is well-done.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -Les Brown
In the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. Now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ This is a burden I shall bear for every day of the life that is left to me.
Publilius Syrus~ It is not every question that deserves an answer.
William James~ Genius means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way.
I have found it is much easier to make a success in life than to make a success of one's life. - G. W. Follin
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Elaine Agather~ Attitude is more important than reality.
Ludwig Wittgenstein~ The world of the happy is quite different from that of the unhappy.
A faith to live by, a self to live with, and a purpose to live for. -Bob Harrington
I don't eat junk foods and I don't think junk thoughts. -Pilgrims
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas
John Calvin~ . . . I consider looseness with words no less of a defect than looseness of the bowels.
Themistocles~ I have with me two gods Persuasion and Compulsion.
When you have to make a choice and you don't make it, that itself is a choice. -William James
Cicero~ Live as brave men and if fortune is adverse front its blows with brave hearts.
Though language forms the preacher, 'Tis "good works" make the man. -Eliza Cook
Parents get excited about the first steps and words of their children, then spend the next 17 years telling them to sit down and shut up.
Charles Buxton~ To make pleasures pleasant shorten them.
Thomas Fuller~ Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Trust is like money; you spend it, you save it, you lend it, and sometimes you get robbed.
Mother Jones~ I am not afraid of the pen or the scaffold or the sword. I will tell the truth wherever I please.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ There will be no whitewash in the White House. (On Watergate investigation)
Miguel de Cervantes~ A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself. -Henry Ward Beecher
Chinese Proverb~ Behind an able man there are always other able men.
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Thomas Jefferson
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso
Aesop~ Familiarity breed contempt.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid. -Franklin P Jones
If we weren't meant to keep starting over, would God have granted us monday?
John Sales~ Assumptions allow the best in life to pass you by.
There is no failure. Only feedback. -Author unknown
Berthe Morisot~ The love of nature is consolation against failure.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -Bill Cosby
A message prepared in the mind reaches a mind; a message prepared in a life reaches a life. -Bill Gothard
William Shakespeare~ Thou art all the comfort The Gods will diet me with.
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
Right is its own defense. - Bertolt Brecht
Daisy Bates~ From without no wonderful effect is wrought within ourselves unless some interior responding wonder meets it.
You are only as strong as your purpose, therefore let us choose reasons to act that are big, bold, righteous and eternal. -Barry Munro
Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow. -Helen Keller
Miguel de Cervantes~ When thou art at Rome do as they do at Rome.
Will the information superhighway have any rest stops?
Nothing seems to bring on an emergency as quickly as putting money aside in case of one.
You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap. - Gilda Radner
How do you dial a pushbutton phone?
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about. (Ashley Brilliant)
Jackie Collins~ The biggest critics of my books are people who never read them.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. -Norman Vincent Peale
Be tender to the young, compassionate to the aged, tolerant with the weak. For in your life you will be all of these.
In the universe, there are things that are known, and things that are unknown, and in between, there are doors. -William Blake
Today, you have 100% of your life left. -Tom Hopkins
Albert Einstein~ The Lord God is subtle but malicious He is not.
James Dent~ Intelligence is when you spot a flaw in your bosss reasoning. Wisdom is when you refrain from pointing it out.
When a woman is speaking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes. (Victor Hugo)
Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand. -Euripides
General George Catlett Marshall~ Military power wins battles but spiritual power wins wars.
Jim Rohn~ Success is not to be pursued it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Feodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky~ The secret of mans being is not only to live but to have something to live for.
A smooth sea never made a skillful mariner. (English Proverb
Roosevelt Eleanor~ People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Danish proverb~ If you would be pope you must think of nothing else.
Rudyard Kipling~ Theres no jealousy in the grave.
Hot heads and cold hearts never solved anything.
Mark Twain~ There are several good protections against temptations but the surest is cowardice.
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
Carl Rowen~ There arent any embarrassing questions - just embarrassing answers.
Mark Twain~ It was enough to make a body ashamed of the human race.
Every artist writes his own autobiography. -Havelock Ellis
Man looks at outward appearance but the Lord looks within.
Real Live Preacher~ When you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things.
John Muir~ There is that in the glance of a flower which may at times control the greatest of creations braggart lords.
Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress. -Alfred A. Montapert
William Penn~ True silence is the rest of the mind it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body nourishment and refreshment.
Nat Burton~ Therell be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover Tomorrow just you wait and see.
The greatness of a man's power is the measure of his surrender. -William Booth
Nicholas Chamfort~ Success produces success just as money produces money.
I have said nothing because there is nothing I can say that would describe how I feel as perfectly as you deserve it. - Kyle Schmidt
Euripides~ Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Anne Frank~ Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Jonathan Swift~ Argument is the worst sort of conversation.
Miguel de Cervantes~ Truth may be stretched but cannot be broken and always gets above falsehood as oil does above water.
Franz Werfel~ Religion is the everlasting dialogue between humanity and God. Art is its soliloquy.
Charles De Gaulle~ Since a politician never believes what he says he is surprised when others believe him.
Sophocles~ To know that all is well even if late will come to know it is at least some gain.
Graham Greene~ It is impossible to go through life without trust That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all oneself.
Terry Pratchett~ Personal isnt the same as important.
Christina Georgina Rossetti~ He who has gone so we but cherish his memory abides with us more potent nay more present than the living man.
The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress. (Joseph Joubert)
Jean-Paul Sartre~ When the rich wage war its the poor who die.
Laurens Van der Post~ Life begins as a quest of the child for the man and ends as a journey by the man to rediscover the child.
There's no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house. It's a lot easier on you.
Aristotle~ It is not always the same thing to be a good man and a good citizen.
Phocylides~ Give no decision till both sides thoust heard.
Bruce Lee~ If you love life dont waste time for time is what life is made up of.
Rowland Evans Jr.~ The Kennedy organization doesnt run it purrs.
Joan Baez~ As long as one keeps searching the answers come.
George Santayana~ To be an American is of itself almost a moral condition an education and a career.
Loren~ Like the herd animals we are we sniff warily at the strange one among us.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Stewart Brand~ Once a new technology rolls over you if yourre not part of the steamroller youre part of the road.
Before marriage a man yearns for a woman. Afterward the "y" is silent. - W. A. Clarke
The world is a great big book, of which those who never travel read only one page. (Augustine)
Rebecca Pepper Sinkler~ The reluctance to put away childish things may be a requirement of genius.
Lord Byron~ Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Statistics is like a Bikini; what is revealed is suggestive, but what is concealed is vital.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Jerry Coleman~ There is someone warming up in the Giants bullpen but hes obscured by his number.
Children today are tyrants. They contradict their parents, gobble their food, and tyrannize their teachers. -Socrates
Mae West~ Whenever Im caught between two evils I take the one Ive never tried.
Laurence J. Peter~ Against logic there is no armor like ignorance.
Charles J. C. Lyall~ There are four things that hold back human progress. Ignorance stupidity committees and accountants.
How much more grevious are the consequences of anger than the causes of it. -Marcus Aurelius. - Marcus Aurelius
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life. -Arthur Ashe, American Tennis Player, Activist
Benjamin Franklin~ He is ill clothed who is bare of virtue.
Mohammad~ The ink of the scholar is more sacred than the blood of the martyr.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher
Zeal without knowledge is fire without light. -Thomas Fuller, M. D.
Joe Moore~ If you want to know what God thinks of money look at the people He gives it to.
Love is strengthened by working through conflicts together.
Miguel de Cervantes~ A little in ones own pocket is better than much in another mans purse.
Calvin Coolidge~ No man ever listened himself out of a job.
Challenges can be stepping stones or stumbling blocks. It's just a matter of how you view them.
If you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
It is risky not to take risk. If you don't take risk, risk will take you. (Archbishop Benson A. Idahosa - Nigeria)
There would be nothing to frighten you if you refused to be afraid. -Gandhi
Peter Gray~ One must love a cat on its own terms.
Bob Hope~ I dont generally feel anything until noon then its time for my nap.
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice. -Indian Proverb
Thomas Jefferson~ The bulk of mankind are schoolboys through life.
Publilius Syrus~ You should go to a pear tree for pears not to an elm.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed. - Harvey S. Firestone
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do. -John Baptiste Moliére
William Shakespeare~ Our doubts are traitorsAnd make us lose the good we oft might winBy fearing to attempt.
Jessie Sampter~ Simplicity is the peak of civilization.
Louis Henri Sullivan~ Form follows function.
What comes out of your mouth is determined by what goes into your mind. -Zig Ziglar
God is a verb. -Buckminster Fuller
Errol Flynn~ My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Everyone has his day and some days last longer than others.
I know a baseball star who wouldn't report the theft of his wife's credit cards because the thief spends less than she does. - Joe Garagiola
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
Clive Staples Lewis~ A mans dying is more the survivors affair than his own.
Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes, extends and preserves. Its eternal goal is life. - Smiley Blanton
Thomas Fuller~ Rigid justice is the greatest injustice.
He that won't be counselled can't be helped. - Benjamin Franklin
Vision that looks inward becomes duty. Vision that looks outward becomes aspiration. Vision that looks upward becomes faith
Edward C. Moroney Jr.~ Work hard live cheap and save your money.
If you want to be a writer-stop talking about it and sit down and write!. -Jackie Collins
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully. -Tryon Edwards
Kurt Vonnegut~ We are what we pretend to be so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
There is nothing so agonizing to the fine skin of vanity as the application of a rough truth. - Edward G. Bulwer-lytton
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Confucius~ If we dont know life how can we know death
Henry David Thoreau~ Be true to your work your word and your friend.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Hitch your wagon to a star.
The inner thought coming from the heart represents the real motives and desires. These are the cause of action. -Raymond Holliwell
Thomas Huxley~ God give me strength to face a fact though it slay me.
Richard Milhous Nixon~ I let the American people down.
The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning, while the heart of the fool is in the house of entertainment. - Bible
Anzia Yezierska~ When I only begin to read I forget Im on this world. It lifts me on wings with high thoughts.
Leonardo DaVinci~ Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence he is just using his memory.
The world is a looking glass. It gives back to every man a true reflection of his own thoughts. -Thackery
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving. -Henry Ford
It is better to be patient, than it is to become one. -Author unknown
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study. -Francis Bacon
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her
In my beginning is my end. -T. S. Eliot
French Proverb~ What was hard to endure is sweet to recall.
James Bible~ For whoever keeps the whole law but fails in one point has become guilty of all of it.
When I'm writing, I know I'm doing the thing I was born to do. -Anne Sexton
Amos Bronson Alcott~ Devotees of grammatical studies have not been distinguished for any very remarkable felicities of expression.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin~ Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
The unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ In America any boy may become President and I suppose its just one of the risks he takes.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ There is more to life than increasing its speed.
X X-Men United~ Jean Grey Girls flirt with the dangerous guy they dont bring him home... they marry the good guy.
If I could say it in words there would be no reason to paint. -Edward Hopper
Holbrook Jackson~ Be contented when you have got all you want.
Harold S. Geneen~ Do you want my one-word secret of happiness - its growth - mental financial you name it.
Kurt Vonnegut~ Like so many Americans she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
Lyndon B. Johnson~ If two men agree on everything you may be sure that one of them is doing the thinking.
Walt Whitman~ Give me the splendid silent sun with all his beams full-dazzling.
There is one difference between a tax collector and a taxidermist - the taxidermist leaves the hide. - Mortimer Caplin
William Hazlitt~ No really great man ever thought himself so.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Oh that lovely title ex-president.
There is nothing that cannot be achieved by firm imagination. -Japanese proverb
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills. -Jim Rohn
Mencius~ Sincerity is the way of Heaven.
Whitney Moore Young~ Support the strong give courage to the timid remind the indifferent and warn the opposed.
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless. -B F Skinner
Calvin Coolidge~ I have never been hurt by anything I didnt say.
Jeseph Joubert~ It is better to debate a question without settling it than to settle a question without debating it.
Time ripens all things; no man is born wise. - Miguel De Cervantes
When I was a child I could remember anything.... Whether it happened or not. (Mark Twain)
Love is not blind; it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less. (Rabbi Julius Gordon)
Robert Frost~ Love is an irresistable desire to be irresistably desired.
Wise men talk because they have something to say. Fools talk because they have to say something. (Plato)
The road to a friends house is never long. (Swedish proverb)
Val Peters~ Money is the root of all evil but the foliage is fascinating.
Obstacles will look large or small to you according to whether you are large or small. -Orison Swett Marden
Lawana Blackwell~ Patterning your life around others opinions is nothing more than slavery.
Mary Wollstonecraft~ Every political good carried to the extreme must be productive of evil.
Horace~ He who has begun has half done. Dare to be wise begin
Lao Tzu~ The more laws and order are made prominent The more thieves and robbers there will be.
Jean Cocteau~ Art is science made clear.
George Bernard Shaw~ Hell is full of musical amateurs.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. -Henry David Thoreau
Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all; This, too, shall pass. -Ann Landers
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln
In imagination, there's no limitation. -Mark Victor Hansen
Mark Twain~ How little a thing can make us happy when we feel that we have earned it.
Samuel Johnson~ There are in every age new errors to be rectified and new prejudices to be opposed.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn~ Our envy of others devours us most of all.
I can lead you to the water but I can't let you drink.
Why do people say the alarm went "off" when it actually sounded like it was "on"?
Peter Marshall~ Teach us O Lord the disciplines of patience for to wait is often harder than to work.
V. P. Skipper~ A kiss To a young girl faith to a married woman hope to an old maid charity.
Seneca~ Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future one.
Unknown~ The difficulties we experience Always illuminate the lessons we need most.
Lawrence Peter Berra~ I never said most of the things I said.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ The surest way to remain poor is to be honest.
Knute Kenneth Rockne~ One player practicing sportsmanship is far better than fifty preaching it.
Rene Descartes~ Cogito ergo sum.
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. -Daniel Webster. - Daniel Webster
Blessed are those who can laugh at themselves, they will never cease to be amused.
Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top up's. -Peter Davies
James Branch Cabell~ There is not any memory with less satisfaction than the memory of some temptation we resisted.
Margaret Lindsey~ This very moment is a seed from which the flowers of tomorrows happiness grow.
Ellie Katz~ WARNING Humor may be hazardous to your illness.
You can bomb the world into pieces, you can't bomb the world into peace.....
If A is a success in life, then A equals X plus Y plus Z. Work is X; Y is play; and Z is keeping your mouth shut. (Albert Einstein)
You could better start giving me mouth to mouth, because you just took my breath away!
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. -William A. Ward
Belva Davis~ Dont be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it you can make it so.
Casey Stengel~ Two hundred million Americans and there aint two good catchers among em.
Dave Barry~ Skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face.
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else. -John Madden
Voltaire~ The multitude of books is making us ignorant.
The ideas that have lighted my way have been kindness, beauty and truth. -Albert Einstein
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ If I can stop one heart from breaking If I can ease one pain Then my life will not have been in vain.
A computer is almost human - except that it does not blame its mistakes on another computer.
Weakness of character is the only defect which cannot be amended. -François, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
John Cage~ I cant understand why people are frightened of new ideas. Im frightened of the old ones.
Ralph Kiner~ Tony Gwynn was named player of the year for April.
Albert Einstein~ Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Edmond de Concourt~ A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.
Mark Twain~ Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand.
George Bernard Shaw~ A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Colombian Proverb~ He who must die must die in the dark even though he sells candles.
Erich Fromm~ Education makes machines which act like men and produces men who act like machines.
Pablo Casals~ Music is the divine way to tell beautiful poetic things to the heart.
George Bush~ Dont confuse being soft with seeing the other guys point of view.
Sir Robert Anthony Eden~ If youve broken the eggs you should make the omelette.
Albert Einstein~ The eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
Keith Bostic~ Perl - The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.
Many can pack the cards that cannot play. - Proverb
Warren Bennis~ Leaders must encourage their organizations to dance to forms of music yet to be heard.
Dr. Jonas Salk~ I have had dreams and I have had nightmares but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.
Edith Sitwell~ I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players. - Blaine Lee
Charles Hamilton Aide~ I sit beside my lonely fire and pray for wisdom yet for calmness to remember or courage to forget.
Johann von Goethe~ One never goes so far as when one doesnt know where one is going.
J. Paul Getty~ If you can count your money you dont have a billion dollars.
We probably wouldn't worry about what people think of us if we could know how seldom they do. -Olin Miller
George Santayana~ Love is only half the illusion the lover but not his love is deceived.
Janos Arnay~ In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
Barbara Bush~ War is not nice.
Voltaire~ Prejudice is opinion without judgement.
If you want breakfast in bed, then start sleeping in the kitchen.
John Andrew Holmes~ It is well to remember that the entire universe with one trifling exception is composed of others.
Jesus is the man God intended all humans to be. (D.L. Dykes)
A team with a star player is a good team, but a team without one is a great team. -Author unknown
Jane Wagner~ The ability to delude yourself may be an important survival tool.
Will Durant~ One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
Ovid~ To be loved be lovable.
America's number one energy crisis is Monday morning. -Unknown Author
Gary Wills~ Only the winners decide what were war crimes.
Jerry Gillies~ Confront your fears list them get to know them and only then will you be able to put them aside and move ahead.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ This is the hardest of all to close the open hand out of love and keep modest as a giver.
Stephen Covey~ Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline carrying it out.
Sir Winston Churchill~ When the eagles are silent the parrots begin to jabber.
The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same. -Henri B. Stendhal
Julius Boros~ By the time you get to your ball if you dont know what to do with it try another sport.
It is not the great temptations that ruin us; it is the little ones. -John W. DeForest
Ralph Kiner~ George Shinn. Hes the owner of the Charlotte Harlots basketball team.
Laurence J. Peter~ Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Andr Gide~ Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Eve Babitz~ By the time Id grown up I naturally supposed that Id be grown up.
The first time we kissed, I closed my eyes, You closed your eyes and........ We missed!
Leigh Hunt~ If you are ever at a loss to support a flagging conversation introduce the subject of eating.
George Bernard Shaw~ Lack of money is the root of all evil.
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life. -Confucius
Action is the product of the qualities inherent in nature. - Bhagavadgita
I've learned that if someone says something unkind about me, I must live so that no one will believe it.
If a bird is flying for pleasure it flies with the wind but if it meets danger it turns and faces the wind, in order that it may rise higher.
Victor Hugo~ Wherever the Turkish hoof trods no grass grows.
Homer~ It is tedious to tell again tales already plainly told.
Virgil~ Latet anguis in herba. (Theres a snake hidden in the grass)
My friends are my estate. -Emily Dickinson
Agnes Repplier~ Humor distorts nothing and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals.
There's no sentence that's too short in the eyes of God. -William Zinsser
Caskie Stinnett~ A diplomat... is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
Ronald Reagan~ Even Albert Einstein reportedly needed help on his form.
Josh Billings~ Marrying for love may be a bit risky but it is so honest that God cant help but smile on it.
A cynic is someone who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Life is an adventure in forgiveness. -Norman Cousins
I started out with nothing. I still have most of it. - Michael Davis
Elizabeth Goudge~ Most of the basic truths of life sound absurd at first hearing.
Pindar~ Seek not my soul the life of the immortals but enjoy to the full the resources that are within thy reach.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ Ridicule is the best test of truth.
Edgar Z. Friedenberg~ An old man loved is winter with flowers.
Ayn Rand~ Wealth is the product of mans capacity to think.
E. Joseph Crossman~ Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places.
Carl Sagan~ Where we have strong emotions were liable to fool ourselves.
The purpose of business is to create and keep a customer. - Peter Drucker
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame. -Pearl S. Buck
It has taken me all my life to understand it is not necessary to understand everything. - Rene Coty
Indian Proverb~ Only mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the noonday sun.
There is nothing a man of good sense dreads in a wife so much as her having more sense than himself. - Henry Fielding
Doug Larson~ Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Lily Tomlin~ Were all in this alone.
Niels Henrik David Bohr~ Anyone who is not shocked by quantum theory has not understood it.
No man is hurt but by himself. -Diogenes
Pythagoras~ Rest satisfied with doing well and leave others to talk of you as they please.
Do bad and remember, do good and forget. (Algerian proverb)
Live for something rather than die for nothing. -George Patton
Be calm in arguing; for fierceness makes Error a fault, and truth discourtesy. - George Herbert
Leo Tolstoy~ In the name of God stop a moment cease your work look around you.
When a man is wrong and won't admit is, he always gets angry. -Thomas Haliburton. - Thomas Haliburton
A gambler with a System must be, to a greater or lesser extent, insane. ~ George Augustus Sala
The most splendid achievement of all is the constant striving to surpass yourself and to be worthy of your own approval. -Denis Waitley
Edmund Wilson~ There is nothing more demoralizing than a small but adequate income.
Mary Lorraine Buckley~ Husbands are awkward things to deal with even keeping them in hot water will not make them tender.
W. Edwards Deming~ Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival.
Talk is cheap, barbers give it away free with haircuts.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness. - Marguerite Gardiner Blessington
Thinking is more stinking than drinking, but to feel is for real. -Sufi Sam
Jeremy Taylor~ Knowledge comes by eyes always open and working hard and there is no knowledge that is not power.
Lydia M. Child~ Genius hath electric power which earth can never tame.
Thomas Fuller~ If you have a true friend you have more than your share.
A stone thrown at the right time is better than gold given at the wrong time. (Persian proverb)
Douglas Noel Adams~ I may not have gone where I intended to go but I think I have ended up where I intended to be.
Nothing interferes with my concentration. You could put an orgy in my office and I wouldn't look up. Well, maybe once. -Isaac Asimov
If you can't answer a man's arguments, all is not lost; you can still call him vile names. - Elbert Green Hubbard
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got. -Walter Cronkite
Peters Almanac~ Early to bed and early to rise - till you get enough money to do otherwise.
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ Not only is life a bitch it has puppies.
George Santayana~ Before you contradict an old man my fair friend you should endeavor to understand him.
John F. Kennedy~ The ancient Greek definition of happiness was the full use of your powers along lines of excellence.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change. -Lord Tennyson
George Gordon Byron~ Adversity is the first path to truth.
Tom Stoppard~ I think age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
With the possible exception of the equator, everything begins somewhere. -Peter Robert Fleming
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
William Hazlitt~ If you think you can win you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.
Carmichael~ You can give without loving but you cannot love without giving.
Ernest Hemingway~ Real seriousness in regard to writing is one of two absolute necessities. The other unfortunately is talent.
Pliny the Elder~ There is always something new out of Africa.
Mary Wortley Montagu~ Civility costs nothing and buys everything.
Christina Montano~ You cant put a Band-Aid on every boo-boo youve made some just need time to heal...
Golda Meir~ You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Saint Teresa of Avila~ For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God.
Lao Tzu~ The Way of Heaven is to benefit others and not to injure. The Way of the sage is to act but not to compete.
Sri da Avabhas~ Life is painting a picture not doing a sum.
Anthony DAngelo~ You dont have to hold a position in order to be a leader.
Shannon Lucid~ You think America is the biggest place on Earth but its not. The view from Mir put everything in perspective.
Why are women wearing perfumes that smell like flowers? Men don't like flowers. I've been wearing a great new scent called New Car Interior.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge~ What is an epigram A dwarfish whole its body brevity and wit its soul.
Charlize Theron~ Theres only so much you can do but if somebody doesnt give you a chance there is nothing you can do.
Carolyn Kenmore~ If you can learn from hard knocks you can also learn from soft touches.
Sir Arthur Eddington~ Proof is the idol before whom the pure mathematician tortures himself.
To me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle. Every cubic inch of space is a miracle. -Walt Whitman
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Those who know don't tell and those who tell don't know. -Zen Proverb
If the universe is expanding, why can't I find a parking space?
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ He who boasts of his ancestry praises the merits of another. - Hercules Furens
Never deprive someone of hope; it may be all they have. - H.
Sir Winston Churchill~ From now on ending a sentence with a preposition is something up with which I will not put.
Miguel de Cervantes~ The pen is the tongue of the mind.
When a man gets up to speak, people listen, then look. When a woman gets up, people look; then, if they like what they see, they listen.
William Ellery Channing~ Difficulties are meant to rouse not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
John Gay~ Cowards are cruel but the brave Love mercy and delight to save.
Anon.~ Whos General Failure and whys he reading my disk
It takes more money to amuse todays children than it took to educate their parents.
The world would run a lot smoother if more men knew how to dance.
Jessamyn West~ A religious awakening which does not awaken the sleeper to love has roused him in vain.
My doctor recently told me that jogging could add years to my life. I think he was right.
Marquis de Vauvenargues~ Hatred of dishonesty generally arises from fear of being deceived.
Mary Kay Ash~ If you think you can you can. And if you think you cant youre right.
Of all the attitudes we can acquire, surely the attitude of gratitude is the most important and by far the most life-changing. -Zig Ziglar
Dante Alighieri~ Avarice envy prideThree fatal sparks have set the hearts of allOn Fire.
Mencius~ Men must be decided on what they will not do and then they are able to act with vigor in what they ought to do.
Joseph Addison~ Friendship improves happiness and abates misery by doubling our joys and dividing our grief.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Robert Logan~ Failure is a path not a destination.
Business is really more agreeable than pleasure: it interests the whole mind ... but it does not look as if it did. - Walter Bagehot
If helium existed in a solid form, and you ate it would you get heavier or lighter?
Oprah Winfrey~ The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be.
Sir William Drummond~ He who will not reason is a bigot he who cannot is a fool and he who dares not is a slave.
There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment. -Norman Vincent Peale
Fish and guests smell after three days. - Benjamin Franklin
Robert Morley~ Anyone who works is a fool. I dont work - I merely inflict myself upon the public.
Jay Leno~ You cant stay mad at somebody who makes you laugh.
To strive with an equal is dangerous; with a superior, mad; with an inferior, degrading. - Seneca
Beautiful young people are acts of nature, but beautiful old people are works of art.
Chuang-tzu~ Once youve gotten the meaning you can forget the words.
When you have no basis for an argument, abuse the plaintiff. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Richard Milhous Nixon~ Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too.
It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. -Thomas Paine
Andre Gide~ Obtain from yourself all that makes complaining useless. No longer implore from others what you yourself can obtain.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. -Bertrand Russell
If stores claim to be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, why do they have locks on the doors?
To rule one's anger is well; to prevent it is still better. -Tryon Edwards. - Tryon Edwards
We trifle when we assign limits to our desires, since nature hath set none. -Christian Nevell Bovee
Desiderius Erasmus~ In the kingdom of the blind the one-eyed man is king.
Yiddish Proverb~ Everyone is kneaded out of the same dough but not baked in the same oven.
The only pressure I'm under is the pressure I've put on myself. - Mark Messier
John F. Kennedy~ Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Adopt the pace of nature.
Hal Lee Luyah~ Man was predestined to have free will.
Russell G. Alexander~ Life is not advancement. It is growth. It does not move upward but expands outward in all directions.
Only those who do nothing make no mistakes. -Author unknown
Dan Rather~ Americans will put up with anything provided it doesnt block traffic.
Henry J. Tillman~ The world is my lobster.
Everything is not gold that one sees shining. [Fr., Que tout n'est pas or c'on voit luire.] - Freire Denise Cordelier
Anon.~ If you love somebody let them go. If they return they were always yours. If they dont they never were.
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction. -Winston Churchill
Miguel de Cervantes~ I can look sharp as well as another and let me alone to keep the cobwebs out of my eyes.
The most vital test of a man's character is not how he behaves after success, but how he sustains defeat. -Raymond Moley
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right. -Nelson Mendela
You can never understand the true value of something until you don't have it anymore.
Jane Austen~ Those who do not complain are never pitied.
Yukio Mishima~ If we value so highly the dignity of life how can we not also value the dignity of death No death may be called futile.
William Arthur Ward~ A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If life deals you lemons why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)
For glory gives herself only to those who have always dreamed of her. -Charles de Gaulle
Cesare Pavese~ The only joy in the world is to begin.
Arthur Stringer~ Society my dear is like salt water good to swim in but hard to swallow.
Aphra Behn~ Oh what a dear ravishing thing is the beginning of an Amour
Dick Cavett~ As long as people will accept crap it will be financially profitable to dispense it.
Charles Caleb Colton~ He that thinks himself the wisest is generally the least so.
Fun is a good thing, but only when it spoils nothing better. (George Santayana)
Jerry Coleman~ At the end excitement maintained its hysteria.
Life is like a mirror, if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.
Voltaire~ The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Andrew Lang~ He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lampposts - for support rather than for illumination.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. -Albert Einstein
You know why God is a man? ... Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
William Osler~ Look wise say nothing and grunt. Speech was given to conceal thought.
To aim at the best and to remain essentially ourselves is one and the same thing. -Janet Erskine Stuart
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ Tis better to have loved and lost Than never to have loved at all.
George Bernard Shaw~ Martyrdom... is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability.
Truth is the most powerful force on earth because it cannot be changed. (Mike Murdock)
Henry David Thoreau~ Water is the only drink for a wise man.
Bhagavad Gita~ God is seated in the hearts of all.
The obstacle to discovery is not ignorance, but the illusion of knowledge.
Pablo Picasso~ Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction.
Pythagoras~ Above all things reverence yourself.
Learn from other people's mistakes, life isn't long enough to make them all yourself.
Jesse Louis Jackson~ Your children need your presence more than your presents.
Horace Walpole~ The world is a tragedy to those who feel but a comedy to those who think.
William Allen White~ Liberty is the only thing you cannot have unless you are willing to give it to others.
Confucius~ The people may be made to follow a path of action but they may not be made to understand it.
If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it. - H. Jackson Brown
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Sometimes I wonder if Im patriotic enough. Yes I want to kill people but on both sides.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. -Vincent Van Gogh
When God allows a burden to be put upon you, He will put His arms underneath you to help you carry it.
David Nestor~ Dont hold on to anything too tightly sooner or later youll have to let go.
Albert Einstein~ The process of scientific discovery is in effect a continual flight from wonder.
The desire not to be anything is the desire not to be. -Ayn Rand
Buddy Hackett~ As a child my familys menu consisted of two choices take it or leave it.
Epicharmus~ Judgement not passion should prevail.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.
Susan J. Bissonette~ An optimist is the human personification of spring.
Larry Wilde~ Christmas is the season when people run out of money before they run out of friends.
Leon Battista Alberti~ A man can do all things if he but wills them.
When fear knocks at the door, and you answer, there will be no one there.
As long as you put in the work, you can own the dream. When the work stops, the dream disappears. (Jim Dietz)
Opportunity is often inconvenient.
Joan Baez~ You dont get to choose how youre going to die or when. You can decide how youre going to live now.
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it. -John Ruskin
William Cobbett~ To be poor and independent is very nearly an impossibility.
Ogden Nash~ Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore.
Bruce Lee~ To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
Laurence J. Peter~ Every man serves a useful purpose A miser for example makes a wonderful ancestor.
Thomas Jefferson~ An honest man can feel no pleasure in the exercise of power over his fellow citizens.
Always the beautiful answer who asks a more beautiful question. -E E Cummings
Claude Levi-Strauss~ The wise man doesnt give the right answers he poses the right questions.
Horace~ Many brave men lived before Agamemnon but all are overwhelmed in eternal night unwept unknown because they lack a sacred poet.
Robin Green~ I have seen men fly bombers with their faces half- blown away. Youre going to allow a few algebra formulas to ground you
Genius is nothing more than inflamed enthusiasm. -Unknown Author
Doug Larson~ If the English language made any sense a catastrophe would be an apostrophe with fur.
William Shakespeare~ I dote on his very absence.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ Little by little one travels far.
The closest distance between two people is a good laugh. -Leo Bascalia
Lawrence Peter Berra~ Ninety-nine percent of this game is half mental.
George S. Clason~ Where the determination is the way can be found.
Psalm ~ The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear
Muammar Qaddafi~ American soldiers must be turned into lambs and eating them is tolerated.
Mark Twain~ Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising.
View life as a continuous learning experience. -Denis Waitley
Horace~ Cease to ask what the morrow will bring forth. And set down as gain each day that Fortune grants.
Jules Renard~ We dont understand life any better at forty than at twenty but we know it and admit it.
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ Never injure a friend even in jest.
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Polly Whitney~ Misanthropes need people without a steady supply the misanthrope cannot fully apply his art.
Sometimes it costs more to do nothing than to do something.
Diane Wakoski~ Learning to live what youre born with is the process the involvement the making of a life.
Bill Bulko~ Artificial Intelligence the art of making computers that behave like the ones in movies.
Man knows more than he understands. -Alfred Adler
Thomas John Watson Sr.~ The way to succeed is to double your error rate.
If it's not growing, it's going to die. -Michael Eisner
There is so much bad in the best of us and so much good in the worst of us that it doesn't behoove any of us to talk about the rest of us.
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today. -Les Brown
Barbara Colorose~ We control fifty percent of a relationship. We influence one hundred percent of it.
Why is it called lipstick if you can still move your lips?
Dutch Proverb~ He who is outside his door already has a hard part of his journey behind him.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -Henry Ford
Dinah Mulock Craik~ There never was night that had no morn.
Bertrand Russell~ This is patently absurd but whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.
Profundity of thought belongs to youth, clarity of thought to old age. - Fredrich
Maduro Ash~ Threats dont work with the person whos got nothing to lose.
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around in awareness. -James Thurber
Tom Lehrer~ I wish people who have trouble communicating would just shut up.
Andrew W. Mathis~ It is bad luck to be superstitious.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ To love ones self is the beginning of a life-long romance.
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be, be one. -Marcus Aurelius
A diamond is a lump of coal that stuck with it. -Author unknown
Lyster~ For the memory of love is sweet though the love itself were in vain. And what I have lost of pleasure assuage what I find of pain.
Roger Caras~ There are only three sins - causing pain causing fear and causing anguish. The rest is window dressing.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
Eric Hoffer~ It is when power is wedded to chronic fear that it becomes formidable.
Constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil. -Jerry Garcia
Don't let your life slip through your fingers by living in the past or for the future.
Louise Brown~ If you cant return a favor pass it on.
The most important thing about motivation is goal setting. You should always have a goal. -Francie Larrieu Smith
Patricia Neal~ A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan~ He is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
I could never convince the financiers that Disneyland was feasible because dreams offer too little collateral. -Walt Disney
Julius Caesar~ Veni vidi vici. I came I saw I conquered
C. Kent Wright~ To sway an audience you must watch them as you speak.
The only man who makes no mistakes is the man who never does anything. -Theodore Roosevelt
Henry David Thoreau~ Men have become the tools of their tools.
American Proverb~ Never trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.
Catch a man a fish, and you can sell it to him. Teach a man to fish, and you ruin a wonderful business opportunity. -Karl Marx
The only way to know how customers see your business is to look at it through their eyes. -Daniel R. Scroggin
M. C. Escher~ My work is a game a very serious game.
Jean Anouilh~ God is on everyones side and in the last analysis he is on the side with plenty of money and large armies.
Elbert Hubbard~ Every man should have a college education in order to show him how little the thing is really worth.
Marty Bucella~ When it comes to staying young a mind lift beats a face lift any day.
Adlai Stevenson~ She would rather light candles than curse the darkness and her glow has warmed the world.
Sren Aaby Kierkegaard~ Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Richard Bach~ Sometimes when learning comes before experience It doesnt make sense right away.
Charlie Chaplin~ In the end everything is a gag.
An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance. - Nolan's / Peter's Placebo
Gertrude Stein~ In the United States there is more space where nobody is than where anybody is. This is what makes America what it is.
Unknown~ Artificial Intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Michael J. Gelb~ Life is a continuous exercise in creative problem solving.
Ivy Baker Priest~ The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
Unknown~ Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
Self-respect permeates every aspect of your life. - Joe Clark
Never mistake motion for action. -Ernest Hemingway
George Santayana~ Science is nothing but developed perception interpreted intent common sense rounded out and minutely articulated.
G. C. Lichtenberg~ To read means to borrow to create out of ones readings is paying off ones debts.
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservations. (Elton Trueblood)
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darknesses. -Kazantzakis
Arab Proverb~ The sinning is the best part of repentance.
D. A. Battista~ I speak truth not so much as I would but as much as I dare and I dare a little the more as I grow older.
Sol Hurok~ Get pleasure out of life...as much as you can. Nobody every died from pleasure.
In great attempts it is glorious even to fail. -Cassius Longinus
J. K. Rowling~ It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Lester Case~ Its tough watching a good idea lose because its backers are less eloquent or have less clout than its opponents.
To be prepared is half the victory. -Miguel Cervantes
Competing in sports has taught me that if I'm not willing to give 120 percent, somebody else will. - Ron Blomberg
Brigham Young~ The best remedy for anger is delay.
Francis William Bourdillon~ The mind has a thousand eyes. And the heart but one Yet the life of a whole life dies When love is done.
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself. -Abraham Maslow
Expectations are for the unsure. (Peter Walstrom)
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who however has never learned how to walk forward.
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Henry David Thoreau~ In wildness is the preservation of the world. - from Walking
Charlie Parker~ Music is your own experience your thoughts your wisdom. If you dont live it it wont come out of your horn.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. -Michael Jordan
James Barrie~ If you cannot teach me to fly teach me to sing.
Rosalyn S. Yalow~ The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as youre learning youre not old.
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song. -Maya Angelou
John Keats~ I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
Italian Proverb~ He who is not impatient is not in love.
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get back up. -Vince Lombardi
Anne Frank~ We all live with the objective of being happy our lives are all different and yet the same.
William Blake~ A truth thats told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.
La Rochefoucauld~ Our minds are lazier than our bodies.
Richard M. Nixon~ Always remember others may hate you but those who hate you dont win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.
Sue Grafton~ It never pays to deal with the flyweights of the world. They take far too much pleasure in thwarting you at every turn.
Back of ninety-nine out of one-hundred assertions that a thing cannot be done is nothing, but the unwillingness to do it. -William Feather
Malayan Proverb~ Trumpet in a herd of elephants crow in the company of cocks bleat in a flock of goats.
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
It takes only one other person to say it's soone other point of realityto make something real. -Mal Pancoast
Always forgive your enemies but never forget their names.
Plato~ No human thing is of serious importance.
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle. (Robert Alden)
Marla Jones~ Tell me and Ill forget. Show me and Ill remember. Involve me and Ill learn.
Aldous Huxley~ Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness it is generally the by-product of other activities.
Aaron McGruder~ When I pass speak freely of my shortcomings and my flaws. Learn from them for Ill have no ego to injure.
Carl Sandburg~ A baby is Gods opinion that life should go on.
I wonder why you can always read a doctor's bill and never his prescription?
Chinese Proverb~ Practice no vice because its trivial... Neglect no virtue because its so.
Get happiness out of your work or you may never know what happiness is. -Elbert Hubbard
Alistair Cooke~ A professional is someone who can do his best when he doesnt feel like it.
Vice is its own reward. It is virtue which, if it is to be marketed with consumer appeal, must carry Green Shield stamps. -Quentin Crisp
Kareem Abdul-Jabar~ Ive had enough success for two lifetimes My success is talent put together with hard work and luck.
Steven Wright~ When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me Did you sleep good I said No I made a few mistakes.
Bias~ Do not speak quickly it is a sign of insanity.
The girl with a future avoids a man with a past. (Evan Esar)
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. -Naguib Mahfouz
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret. -Henny Youngman
Even as water carves monuments of stone, so do our thoughts shape our character. -Hugh B. Brown
William Shakespeare~ Lord what fools these mortals be
Anger is a symptom, a way of cloaking and expressing feelings too awful to experience directly  hurt, bitterness, grief, and most of all fear
I don't get acting jobs because of my looks. - Alec Baldwin
People only see what they are prepared to see. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I've learned that a smile is an inexpensive way to improve your looks. - Andy Rooney
Andrew Brown~ Internet is so big so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.
Mark Twain~ Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The wise man in the storm prays God not for safety from danger but for deliverance from fear.
Friendship with one's self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Juvenal~ Nature never says one thing Wisdom another.
Imbesi's Law of the Conservation of Filth: "In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty."
Aristotle~ He who is unable to live in society or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself must be either a beast or a god.
Let us be of good cheer, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those which never happen. -James Russell Lowell
Stanislaw Lec~ Is it progress if a cannibal uses a knife and fork
Where you are in consciousness has everything to do with what you see in experience. - Eric Butterworth
George Carlin~ Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together. - La Bruyere
Charles Dickens~ Subdue your appetites my dears and youve conquered human nature.
Thomas Alva Edison~ I am not discouraged because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Bernard Baruch~ Dont try to buy at the bottom and sell at the top. It cant be done except by liars.
Doug Larson~ If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
Tom Stoppard~ Every exit is an entry somewhere.
An excuse is worse than a lie, for an excuse is a lie, guarded. -Alexander Pope
Harriet Woods~ You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims
Fulfillment is reaching your own expectations, not the expectations of others. -Unknown Author
He that has done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another, than he whom you yourself have obliged. -Benjamin Franklin
Antoinette Brown Blackwell~ Nature is just enough but men and women must comprehend and accept her suggestions.
John Milton~ He also serves who only stands and waits.
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances. -J. Donald Walters
Karl Marx~ From each according to his ability to each according to his need.
John Owen~ We need to attend diligently to the state of our soul and to deal fervently and effectively with God about it.
Arab Proverb~ Do not stand in a place of danger trusting in miracles.
Let us watch well our beginnings, and results will manage themselves. -Alexander Clark
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The ancestor of every action is a thought.
Lawana Blackwell~ He had learned over the years that poor people did not feel so poor when allowed to give occasionally.
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world. -Helen Keller
Marcel Proust~ And all the winds go sighing For sweet things dying.
As long as people keep killing people, to stop the killing of people, the killing will go on.
Robert Hutchins~ We do not know what education can do for us because we have never tried it.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ What most persons consider as virtue after the age of is simply a loss of energy.
William Shakespeare~ For they are yet ear-kissing arguments.
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time. -Sir Winston Churchill
Will Rogers~ I dont make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
A winner says, "There must be a better way to do it". A loser says, "This is the way it has always been done here".
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. -Ken Keyes
Douglas Adams~ In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
True wisdom lies in gathering the precious things out of each day as it goes by. - E. S. Bouton
Grand Heidrich~ If you spend too much time warming up youll miss the race. If you dont warm up at all you may not finish the race.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. -Benjamin Franklin
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Walter Bagehot~ The habit of common and continuous speech is a symptom of mental deficiency.
Samuel Johnson~ Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves or we know where we can find information upon it.
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised. -George Will
Denis Diderot~ We swallow greedily any lie that flatters us but we sip little by little at a truth we find bitter.
Henry Ford~ If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing youre right.
Sir Winston Churchill~ We shall not fail or falter we shall not weaken or tire...Give us the tools and we will finish the job.
George Bernard Shaw~ Few of us have vitality enough to make any of our instincts imperious.
Simone de Beauvoir~ Thats what I consider true generosity. You give your all and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
I said to my boyfriend "you shouldn't eat before you go swimming" He said "why?" I Said "you look fat!"
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette~ You will do foolish things but do them with enthusiasm.
As a man thinks in his heart, so is he. [Proverbs 23:7]. - Bible
As I lived up to the highest light I had, higher and higher light came to me. -Pilgrims
William Shakespeare~ God bless thee and put meekness in thy mind love charity obedience and true duty
Orson Scott Card~ Human beings are free except when humanity needs them.
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as your dominant aspiration. -James Allen
I look on that man as happy, who, when there is question of success, looks into his work for a reply. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Brian Clark~ Whose life is it anyway
Living a life without limits is the highest state of existence. -Lieh Tzu
When the well's dry, we know the worth of water. (Ben Franklin)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ A correct answer is like an affectionate kiss.
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
None of us is as smart as all of us. -Japanese proverb
Seneca~ Wealth is the slave of a wise man. The master of a fool.
Every burden is a blessing. -Robert H. Schuller
Harry S Truman~ Intense feeling too often obscures the truth.
Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf~ The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Happy Gilmore~ Happy If I saw myself dressed like that Id have to kick my own ass.
Henry Ford~ There is joy in work. There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
Fran Lebowitz~ I never took hallucinogenic drugs because I never wanted my consciousness expanded one unnecessary iota.
One may walk over the highest mountain one step at a time. -John Wanamaker
We must indeed all hang together, or most assuredly we shall all hang separately. -Benjamin Franklin
Don't attempt to run from the past, it is always behind you.
Alexander Kendrick~ On CBS Radio the news of his Ed Murrows death reportedly from lung cancer was followed by a cigarette commercial.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle. -Father James Keller
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value. (Mignon McLaughin)
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Winston Churchill
Ovid~ We two are to ourselves a crowd.
Aldous Huxley~ Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -Albert Einstein
If you step in a puddle, don't blame the puddle.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. (Benjamin Disraeli)
Roosevelt Eleanor~ A woman is like a tea bag- you never know how strong she is until she gets in hot water.
Scottish Proverb~ Twelve highlanders and a bagpipe make a rebellion.
Carol Burnett~ Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Sophocles~ Success is dependent on effort.
Elbert Hubbard~ The artist needs no religion beyond his work.
Henry Miller~ Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such.
W. S. Gilbert~ My object all sublime I shall achieve in time...
Imagination... its limits are only those of the mind itself. -Rod Serling
Cyril Connolly~ Better to write for yourself and have no public than to write for the public and have no self.
The journey is the reward. -Chinese proverb
Jim Rohn~ Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Amy Vanderbilt~ Do not smoke without asking permission or sit so near (as in a train) that the smoke might annoy.
Alphonse Marie Louis de Lamartine~ Private passions grow tired and wear themselves out political passions never.
Because of a great love, one is courageous. -Lao-tzu
Unknown~ Never frown even when youre sad because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... Pointless. (Rowan Atkinson)
Aldous Huxley~ Never put off till tomorrow the fun you can have today.
Terence~ Nothing is so difficult but that it may be found out by seeking.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Knowing is not enough we must apply. Willing is not enough we must do.
Margaret Wolfe Hungerford~ Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Jane Wagner~ Reality is the leading cause of stress amongst those in touch with it.
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness. - Stanislaw Lem
Agesilaus the Second~ Courage is of no value unless accompanied by justice yet if all men became just there would be no need for courage.
Henry David Thoreau~ Any fool can make a rule and any fool will mind it.
What ever beauty may be, it has for its basis order, and for its essence unity. - Father Andre
G. K. Chesterton~ I believe in getting into hot water it keeps you clean.
Lily Tomlin~ No matter how cynical you get it is impossible to keep up.
Hope springs eternal in the human breast. -Alexander Pope
Ludovico Ariosto~ Nature made him and then broke the mold.
Life is like a box of chocolates; you never know when you'll find a nut.
Menander~ Being a man neer ask the gods for a life set free from grief but ask for courage that endureth long.
Richard Bach~ As a rule what is out of sight disturbs mens minds more seriously than what they see.
Titus Livius~ Greater is our terror of the unknown.
WINDOWS stands for Will Install Needless Data On Whole System.
Dave Barry~ What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself. - Harvey Fierstein
Pogo~ We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
If it were not for hopes, the heart would break. -Thomas Fuller
John Dewey~ Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
Anger blows out the lamp of the mind. In the examination of a great and important question, everyone should be serene, slow-pulsed and calm
Kahlil Gibran~ Education sows not seeds in you but makes your seeds grow.
Steven Wright~ It doesnt make a difference what temperature a room is its always room temperature.
Albertano of Brescia~ The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
Albert Einstein~ We should take care not to make the intellect our god it has of course powerful muscles but no personality.
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. -Vincent Van Gogh
Dale Carnegie~ Any fool can criticize condemn and complain - and most fools do.
Henrik Ibsen~ One should never put on ones best trousers to go out to battle for freedom and truth.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Whatever you can do or dream you can begin it. Boldness has genius power and magic in it.
True happiness may be sought, thought, or caught - but never bought.
Albert Einstein~ We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Quentin Crisp~ Treat all disasters as if they were trivialities but never treat a triviality as if it were a disaster.
It is better to regret something you did, rather than to regret something you didn't do.
Roy R. Gilson~ Keep your faith in all beautiful things in the sun when it is hidden in the Spring when it is gone.
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Life is but a moment death also is but another.
Aesop~ Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Few people at the beginning of the ninteenth century needed an adman to tell them what they wanted.
Seneca~ He who boasts of his ancestry is praising the deeds of another.
Tenderness is a virtue. - Oliver Goldsmith
Anais Nin~ And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Michel de Montaigne~ The most profound joy has more of gravity than of gaiety in it.
Thucyclides~ The strong do what they have to do and the weak accept what they have to accept.
Never run from your fears. Because when they catch up to you you're too tired to fight.
Nothing preaches better than the act. -Benjamin Franklin
There is nothing so annoying as to have two people talking when you're busy interrupting. -Mark Twain
Anon.~ Real programmers dont work from to . If any real programmers are around at am its because they were up all night.
Latin Proverb~ Vulnerant omnia ultima necat. (All the hours wound you the last one kills)
When you are lacking in faith, Others will be unfaithful to you. -Tao Saying
Bruce Cockburn~ The trouble with normal is it always gets worse.
Demosthenes~ What we have in us of the image of God is the love of truth and justice.
Success: its an never ending improvement in what you do.
What you can become you are already. -Hebbel Friedrich
A wise man thinks what is easy is difficult. - John Churton Collins
James Gould Cozzens~ Be virtuous and youll be happy Nonsense Be happy and youll begin to be virtuous.
Men will spend their health getting wealth. Then, gladly pay all they have earned to get health back. (Mike Murdock)
French Proverb~ A father is a banker provided by nature.
Asoka~ It is forbidden to decry other sects the true believer gives honour to whatever in them is worthy of honour.
La Rochefoucauld~ The surest way to be deceived is to think oneself cleverer than the others.
Love is only the game that is not called on account of darkness. - Lisa Hoffman
David Starr Jordan~ The world stands aside to let anyone pass who knows where he is going.
No man ever repented on his deathbed of being a Christian. (Hannah Moore)
Every worthwhile accomplishment, big or little, has its stages of drudgery and triumph; a beginning, a struggle and a victory. -Gandhi
Blaise Pascal~ I have made this letter longer because I have not had the time to make it shorter.
Lao Tzu~ Knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength mastering yourself is true power.
It is not important what you believe, only that you believe. -Unknown author
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing. (Benjamin Franklin)
For the memory of love is sweet, though the love itself were in vain. And what I have lost of pleasure, assuage what I find of pain.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind. -Henry James
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway. -Elbert Hubbard
Philander Johnson~ Cheer up the worst is yet to come.
Heinrich Heine~ Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ The man who sees both sides of a question is a man who sees absolutely nothing.
Saint Jerome~ The face is the mirror of the mind and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
George Smith Patton Jr.~ A pint of sweat saves a gallon of blood.
Willis Player~ A liberal is a person whose interests arent at stake at the moment.
Hastings~ A gentle word is never lost...It cheers the heart when sorrow-tossed And lulls the cares that bruise it.
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. -Roger Staubach
Henry David Thoreau~ Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Miguel de Cervantes~ He is as mad as a March hare.
Unknown~ Life is not measured by the breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away.
Some people have all the commitment of a kamikaze pilot on his tenth mission. (Lou Holtz)
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go for it. (Andrew Jackson)
Matthew Prior~ The ends must justify the means.
If you create a character, you create a destiny. -André Maurois
Elbert Hubbard~ We are punished by our sins not for them.
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools. -Spanish Proverb
Bear one another's burdens. - Bible
Psalm TLB Bible~ But all who humble themselves before the Lord shall be given every blessing and shall have wonderful peace.
Unknown~ When the light has sharply faded And you have lost your way Let anothers love guide you It can turn blackest night into day.
Albert Einstein~ Science without religion is lame religion without science is blind.
Honore de Balzac~ What is art Nature concentrated.
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change. -Les Brown
Hasten slowly and ye shall soon arrive. - Milarepa
A status symbol is a symbol, not status.
There is nothing in which people more betray their character than in what they laugh at. -Goethe
Barbara Colorose~ If you cant solve it its not a problem - its reality.
Andy Anderson~ The origin of every excuse is the failure to do something.
Robert Newton Peck~ Never miss a chance to keep your mouth shut.
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life. -Leo Buscaglia
A soul without a high aim is like a ship without a rudder. -Eileen Caddy
Over the years, I've had hundreds of shots blocked. You've got to go in and take chances. -John Havlicek
If you're a champion, you have to have it in your heart. -Chris Evert
The last 7 words of a dying church: "We never did it like that before".
Marechal Ferdinand Foch~ Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can. -Julius Caesar
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?
Cicero~ Endless money forms the sinews of war.
Where there is great love there are always miracles. -Willa Cather
He is the richest who is content with the least. -Socrates
William McFee~ Doing whats right is no guarantee against misfortune.
Richard Bach~ Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can.
Desiderius Erasmus~ When I get a little money I buy books. And if there is any left over I buy food.
We are new every day. -Irene Claremont de Castillego
A. A. Attanasio~ Silence is a text easy to misread.
George Iles~ Whoever ceases to be a student has never been a student.
but a weed bouquet in a chubby fist. . . OH MY that says it all!
Kathleen Norris~ Intimacy is what makes a marriage not a ceremony not a piece of paper from the state.
There are three dimensions to credit cards, length, width and debt.
God's heart is the most sensitive and tender of all. No act goes unnoticed, no matter how insignificant or small. -Richard J. Foster
Fulton John Sheen~ Life is like a cash register in that every account every thought every deed like every sale is registered and recorded.
Okakura Kakuzo~ The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.
Abraham Lincoln~ It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
George Bernard Shaw~ The art of government is the organization of idolatry.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. -Earl Nightingale
Thomas Jefferson~ No government ought to be without censors & where the press is free no one ever will.
Ferris Buellers Day Off~ Ferris Life moves pretty fast. If you dont stop and look around once in awhile you could miss it.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ As long as you live keep learning how to live.
Oprah Winfrey~ Whatever you fear most has no power - it is your fear that has the power.
People who produce good results feel good about themselves. -Ken Blanchard
Old School~ Beanie You think I like avoiding my wife and kids to hangout with nineteen year old girls everyday
Menander~ It is not white hair that engenders wisdom.
Pico Iyer~ Comedy is nothing more than tragedy deferred.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ Goodness is easier to recognize than to define.
William Lloyd George~ Hes no failure. Hes not dead yet.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
Nothing seems expensive on credit. (Czech Proverb)
The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell. -Andrew Carnegie
Elvis Presley~ Id rather go on hearing your lies than to go on living without you.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. - Paul Fix
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ I bet the sparrow looks at the parrot and thinks yes you can talk but LISTEN TO YOURSELF
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Walk beside me and be my friend. (Albert Camus)
People do not care how much you know, till they know how much you care! (Brett Watson)
Don't take life seriously because you can't come out of it alive. - Warren Miller
Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one. -Chinese proverb
Emma Albani~ Unless you know what you want you cant ask for it.
Don't marry for money - you can borrow it cheaper.
Soul-winning and missions is the life blood of the church.
Isaac Asimov~ It pays to be obvious especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
Ernest Hemingway~ Never confuse movement with action.
Walker Best~ You never really know someone until you have been their friend.
Kahlil Gibran~ You see but your shadow when you turn your back to the sun.
Thomas Huxley~ I am too much of a skeptic to deny the possibility of anything.
Studying literature at Harvard is like learning about women at the Mayo clinic. - Roy Jr. Blount
There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen. -Wayne Dyer
Time and memory are true artists; they remold reality nearer to the heart's desire. -John Dewey
Mahatma Gandhi~ As long as you derive inner help and comfort from anything keep it.
Ovid~ Its useful that there should be Gods so lets believe there are.
George Carlin~ Weather forecast for tonight dark.
Joe Moore~ Its practically impossible to look at a penguin and feel angry.
Ambrose Bierce~ Patience n. A minor form of dispair disguised as a virtue.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
George Herbert~ Hope is the poor mans bread.
J. K. Rowling~ It is our choices...that show what we truly are far more than our abilities.
Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men. -E. B. White
Rabindranath Tagore~ Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
All the fun is in how you say a thing. -Robert Frost
Sextus Propertius~ Let each man pass his days in that wherein his skill is greatest.
The manager has a short-range view; the leader has a long-range perspective. -Warren Bennis
Your neighbour is the man who needs you.
Robert Green Ingersoll~ Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Bob Dylan~ If the point is sharp and the arrow is swift it can pierce through the dust no matter how thick.
Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, and the romance in a relationship, and find out you still care for that person.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ The only thing one can do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
That which seems the height of absurdity in one generation often becomes the height of wisdom in the next. - John Stuart Mill
The influence of each human being on others in this life is a kind of immortality. -John Quincy Adams
Marcus Tullius Cicero~ I criticize by creation - not by finding fault.
An obstacle is something you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Never fear shadows... they simply mean there's a light shining somewhere nearby.
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory. -Henry Giles
Noelie Altito~ The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
Jerry Seinfeld~ There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.
William Congreve~ Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
Suzanne Gordon~ To be alone is to be different to be different is to be alone.
Lillian Hellman~ People change and forget to tell eachother.
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Take the first step in faith. You dont have to see the whole staircase just take the first step.
Bruce Barton~ The four stages of man are infancy childhood adolescence and obsolescence.
Ralph Carl Eichelberger~ Sure youre entitled to your opinion no matter how wrong you are.
Jeseph Joubert~ Let us have justice and then we shall have enough liberty
That's not a lie, it's a terminological inexactitude. Also, a tactical misrepresentation. -Alexander Haig
I just got lost in thought. . . . It was unfamiliar territory.
Invest three percent of your income in yourself (self-development) in order to guarantee your future. -Brian Tracy
One cool judgment is worth a thousand hasty counsels. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat. -Woodrow T. Wilson
Charles Langbridge Morgan~ There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved it is Gods finger on mans shoulder.
Thomas Jefferson~ There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents.
Baron Patrick Maynard Stuart Blackett~ Dont set your wit against a child.
Booker T. Washington~ Character is power.
Euripides~ The gods visit the sins of the fathers upon the children.
Charles W. Chesnutt~ Those that set in motion the forces of evil cannot always control them afterwards.
Sophie Kerr~ The longing to produce great inspirations didnt produce anything but more longing.
William Safire~ The first ladyship is the only federal office in which the holder can neither be fired nor impeached.
Austin OMalley~ Those that think it permissible to tell white lies soon grow color blind.
Confucius~ Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts. -Kierkegaard
And life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. -Grandma Moses
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backwards to their ancestors. -Edmund Burke
Nicolas Boileau~ If absolute power corrupts absolutely does absolute powerlessness make you pure
One day, your life will flash in front of your eyes... Make it worth watching.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. -Sir John Lubbock
Russell Baker~ People who say youre just as old as you feel are all wrong fortunately.
Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.
Paula Poundstone~ I dont have a bank account because I dont know my mothers maiden name.
Horace~ There is a measure in everything. There are fixed limits beyond which and short of which right cannot find a resting place.
Make your work to be in keeping with your purpose. -Leonardo Da Vinci
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ The Religion that is afraid of science dishonors God and commits suicide.
Euripides~ Short is the joy that guilty pleasure brings.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. - Dr. Joyce Brothers
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground; but a kind word is never thrown away. -Sir Arthur Helps
Smile! It increases your face value.
If you are lonely when you are alone, you are in bad company. -Jean-paul Sartre
Lord Acton~ The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern. Every class is unfit to govern.
Judge John Kane~ The public interest is best served by the free exchange of ideas.
Martin Luther~ The heart of religion lies in its personal pronouns.
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps down new roads armed with nothing but their own vision. -Ayn Rand
Joseph Addison~ We are always doing~ says he something for Posterity but I would fain see Posterity do something for us.
One must be truthful with oneself about one's own motives, especially if one is to survive in the world. It takes rigor, and it takes courage.
Cicero~ The wise are instructed by reason ordinary minds by experience the stupid by necessity and brutes by instinct.
Maryanne Radmacher-Hershey~ May your walls know joy May every room hold laughter and every window open to great possibility.
William Blake~ Where Mercy Love and Pity dwell There God is dwelling too.
Paul Gauguin~ Life being what it is one dreams of revenge.
I don't believe you can do today's job with yesterday's methods and be in business tomorrow. (Nelson Jackson)
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. -Thomas Alva Edison
John Henry Newman~ Fear not that thy life shall come to an end But rather that it shall never have a beginning.
Deal honestly and objectively with yourself; intellectual honesty and personal courage are the hallmarks of great character. -Brian Tracy
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep. - Anonymous
William Congreve~ All ambitions are lawful except those which climb upward on the miseries or credulities of mankind.
Charity may begin at home, but if it goes no further, it's no longer charity. It's clan loyalty.
The meaning of life is not a question to be answered, but an event to be experienced.
Never take a solemn oath. People think you mean it. -Norman Douglas
Woody Allen~ If only God would give me some clear sign Like making a large deposit in my name in a Swiss bank.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteeen. -W. C. Fields
George John Whyte-Melville~ We always believe our first love is our last and our last love our first.
Kent Nerburn~ Do not fall prey to the false belief that mastery and domination are synonymous with manliness.
American Indian Proverb~ After dark all cats are leopards. Zuni
He who does not tire, tires adversity. -Unknown Author
Every man reaps what he sows, except the amateur gardener.
La Rochefoucauld~ One forgives to the degree that one loves.
Ken Kesey~ You cant really be strong until you see a funny side to things.
Seneca~ It is pleasant at times to play the madman.
Determination and perseverance move the world; thinking that others will do it for you is a sure way to fail. -Marva Collins
Oscar Wilde~ Consistency is the last resort of the unimaginative.
A man without a smiling face must not open a shop. -Chinese Proverb
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world -Unknown
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
A physician can bury his mistakes, an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines. (Frank Lloyd Wright)
Morale is faith in the man at the top. -Albert S. Johnstone
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves. -André Gide
I am for those means which will give the greatest good to the greatest number. -Abraham Lincoln
It is the character of a brave and resolute man not to be ruffled by adversity and not to desert his post. -Cicero
Earl Warren~ The sports page records peoples accomplishments The front page nothing but their failures.
Choose well. Your choice is brief, and yet endless. (Goethe)
Benjamin Disraeli~ The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end.
William Shakespeare~ Double double toil and trouble Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Jane Wagner~ I always wanted to be somebody but I should have been more specific.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Liesure without books is death and burial of a man alive.
Wisdom is a comb given to a man once he is bald. (Irish proverb)
Billy Madison~ Juanita Ooh that boys a fine piece of work all right. Hes a fine piece of ass though too.
Second place is the first loser.
Playing safe is only playing. -Chuck Olson
The fellow who has no money is poor; the fellow who has nothing but money is poorer still.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A friend might well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
As punishment for my contempt for authority, fate has made me an authority myself. -Albert Einstein
Mark Twain~ Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
American Indian Proverb~ What the people believe is true. Anishinabe
Whatever kind of word thou speakest, the like shalt thou bear. -Greek Proverb
Fran Lebowitz~ All Gods children are not beautiful. Most of Gods children are in fact barely presentable.
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. -Robert Collier
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. -Anthony Robbins
Anon.~ Some authors should be paid by the quantity NOT written.
Anne Frank~ Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction.
Gustave Flaubert~ Our ignorance of history makes us libel to our own times. People have always been like this.
All limits are self imposed. -Icarus
Jonathan Swift~ I row after health like a waterman...
Henry Ward Beecher~ It is not what we take up but what we give up that makes us rich.
Everything comes gradually and at its appointed hour. -Ovid
E. H. Gombrich~ Anyone who can handle a needle convincingly can make us see a thread which is not there.
I've learned that the easiest way for me to grow as a person is to surround myself with people smarter than I am. - Andy Rooney
W. Somerset Maugham~ Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
There's not a whole lot of new atoms out there. -Denny Mcdonough
J Tolkein~ All that is gold does not glitter not all those that wander are lost.
Ira Erwin~ The greatest discoveries have come from people who have looked at a standard situation and seen it differently.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.
Jeseph Joubert~ Choose in marriage only a woman whom you would choose as a friend if she were a man.
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends. -Walt Whitman
Le Duc de Levis~ It is easier to judge a persons mental capacity by his questions than by his answers.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment.
Unknown~ A closed mouth gathers no foot.
Vu Quyen~ If life indeed is a stage then how can we act our parts if we cant read our script
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results. -Jack Dixon
Seneca~ If a man knows not what harbor he seeks any wind is the right wind.
John Blake~ The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful but not from anybody else.
Maya Angelou~ If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else you will have succeeded.
Rudyard Kipling~ Funny how the new things are the old things.
Kobi Yamoda~ There comes a moment when you realize that virtually anything is possible- that nothing is too good to be true.
Seve Ballesteros~ I look into their eyes shake their hand pat their back and wish them luck but I am thinking I am going to bury you.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it comes dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Unknown~ Be patient enough to live one day at a time letting yesterday go and leaving tomorrow until it arrives.
Sydney Harris~ People far prefer happiness to wisdom but that is like wanting to be immortal without getting older.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul, and sings the tunes without the words and never stops at all. -Emily Dickinson
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. -Walter Lippman
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you. -Carl Jung
If you're only as old as you feel, how come I can't retire yet? (Robin Alumbaugh)
Voltaire~ If God did not exist it would be necessary to invent Him.
We have a strange and wonderful relationship: He's strange and I'm wonderful. (Mike Ditka, on Jim McMahon)
Corky Siegel~ Life is too important to take seriously.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Faith... Must be enforced by reason...When faith becomes blind it dies.
Sophocles~ Numberless are the worlds wonders but none More wonderful than man.
Friends are like stars. You may not always see them but you know they are always there
John Mason Good~ Happiness consists in activity. It is running steam not a stagnant pool.
Philip Johnson~ ARCHITECTURE n The art of how to waste space.
The real voyage of discovery lies not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes. -Marcel Proust
James M. Barrie~ Life is a long lesson in humility.
Maria Mitchell~ BesideCother art to be learned - not to see what is not.
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it is going. -Wayne Gretsky
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. -Anthony D'Angelo
Plato~ Wealth is the parent of luxury and indolence and poverty of meanness and viciousness and both of discontent.
Alfred Hitchcock~ Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.
Hilaire Belloc~ When I am dead I hope it is said His sins were scarlet but his books were read.
Orison Swett Marden~ It is just the little touches after the average man would quit that make the masters fame.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous. -Confucius
Keep your head in the clouds.. you're the first to know when it rains, and it's easier to see the silver lining.
Epictetus~ Difficulties are things that show what men are.
Lewis Mumford~ Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
Opportunity is a bald man with a beard: You can catch him coming, but you can' t catch him going.
Jim Fox~ My father always told me Find a job you love and youll never have to work a day in your life.
Robert J. Shiller~ The ability to focus attention on important things is a defining characteristic of intelligence.
It takes a real storm in the average person's life to make him realize how much worrying he has done over the squalls. - Heartland Advisor
B. J. Gupta~ Men as well as animals do whatever makes them happy differences lie in what makes them happy.
William Makepeace Thackeray~ Life is the souls nursery - Its training place for the destinies of eternity.
Minna Thomas Antrim~ Three failures denote uncommon strength. A weakling has not enough grit to fail thrice.
Harriet Lerner~ Anger is a signal and one worth listening to.
Quintilian~ When we cannot hope to win it is an advantage to yield.
Thomas Carlyle~ Men do less than they ought unless they do all that they can.
Juvenal~ Two things only the people actually desire bread and circuses.
Paul Valery~ That which has been believed by everyone always and everywhere has every chance of being false.
Art is the path of the creator to his work. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Life is not anything but an opportunity for something.
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success. -William J. H. Boetcker
Peter McWilliams~ To the degree were not living our dreams our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves.
Wilson Mizner~ To my embarrassment I was born in bed with a lady.
Robert Frost~ By working faithfully eight hours a day you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day.
George Santayana~ Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with a part of another people are friends in spots.
Ludwig Wittgenstein~ I dont know why we are here but Im pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
No one ever injured his eyesight by looking on the bright side of things.
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. - Edward G. Bulwer-lytton
Roger Starr~ Money is the most egalitarian force in society. It confers power on whoever holds it.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Miguel Cerbantes~ Love and war are the same thing and stratagems and policy are as allowable in the one as in the others
From error to error, one discovers the entire truth. -Freud
Victor Hugo~ A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought. There is a visible labor and there is an invisible labor.
Cyril Connolly~ Literature is the art of writing something that will be read twice journalism what will be read once.
Most of us spend our lives as if we had another one in the bank. (Ben Irwin)
Anatole France~ To imagine is everything to know is nothing at all.
How could I have been doing 70 miles an hour when I've only been driving for 10 minutes?
The jack of all trades seldom is good at any. Concentrate all of your efforts on one definite chief aim. -Napoleon Hill
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things. -Frank A. Clark
Bodie Thoene~ What is right is often forgotten by what is convenient.
Chris Rapier~ I hate life I hate death and everything in between just doesnt interest me.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. -Victor Borge
When you're out of quality, you're out of business. -Unknown Author
Bertrand Russell~ Of all forms of caution caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
Some people change when they see the light, others when they feel the heat. (Caroline Schoeder)
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Spider-Man~ Peter Not everyone is meant to make a difference. But for me the choice to lead an ordinary life is no longer an option.
Do not let your fears choose your destiny. -Author unknown
Sam Ewig~ When you finally go back to your old hometown you find it wasnt the old home you missed but your childhood.
George Washington~ Money we know will fetch anything and command the service of any man.
Once you label me you negate me. -Kierkegaard
Lester B. Pearson~ Politics is the skilled use of blunt objects.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ Society produces rogues and education makes one rogue more clever than another.
Gertrude Stein~ Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action. -Thomas Henry Huxley
Unknown~ Learn from the mistakes of others. You cant live long enough to make them all yourself.
I'm not trying to prove anybody wrong, I'm just trying to prove something to myself. - Mike Piazza
Max Lucado~ Conflict is inevitable but combat is optional.
Failures are divided into two classes - those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. -John Charles Salak
We must have hope or starve to death. -Pearl S. Buck
Beauty can't amuse you, but brainwork - reading, writing, thinking - can. - Helen Gurley Brown
Bertrand Russell~ There is no nonsense so errant that it cannot be made the creed of the vast majority by adequate governmental action.
The world was not given to us by our parents, it was lent to us by our children!
Norman Juster~ You can swim all day in the Sea of Knowledge and still come out completely dry. Most people do.
Ambrose Bierce~ Bore n. A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
Sefer Hasidim~ If hunger makes you irritable better eat and be pleasant.
Sir Winston Churchill~ We shall show mercy but we shall not ask for it.
Jerome K. Jerome~ It is always the best policy to speak the truth unless of course you are an exceptionally good liar.
If you want children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders. (Abigail Van Buren)
William Shakespeare~ To wilful men the injuries that they themselves procure must be their schoolmasters.
Forget yourself when with others and others will not forget you.
Arthur Brisbane~ A good friend can tell you what is the matter with you in a minute. He may not seem such a good friend after telling.
I never know what I think about something until I read what I've written on it. -William Faulkner
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Aesop~ Faithful are the wounds of a friend but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
F Scott~ No man can be happy without a friend nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. -Sydney J Harris
The only stupid question is the question you don't ask.
Jacques Martin Barzun~ Whoever wants to know the heart and mind of America had better learn baseball.
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet. -Woody Allen
My goal is simple. It is complete understanding of the universe, why it as it is and why it exists as all. -Stephen Hawking
Oh, give us the man who sings at his work. -Thomas Carlyle
Charles Churchill~ It cant be Nature for it is not sense.
Ernest Hemingway~ But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
It is only too easy to make suggestions and later try to escape the consequences of what we say. - Jawaharlal Nehru
There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live. -John Adams
Good instincts usually tell you what to do before your head has figured it out. -Michael Burke
Sylvia Bremer~ The finest kind of friendship is between people who expect a great deal of each other but never ask it.
Charles-Damian Boulogne~ To linger in the observation of things other than the self implies a profound conviction of their worth.
A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue. -Ambrose Bierce
Charles M. Schulz~ Theres a difference between a philosophy and a bumper sticker.
Andrew A. Rooney~ The only people who say worse things about politicians than reporters do are other politicians.
Unknown~ Dont worry if youre a kleptomaniac you can always take something for it.
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say.
Anonymous~ Liberals are very broadminded they are always willing to give careful consideration to both sides of the same side.
Amos Bronson Alcott~ Strengthen me by sympathizing with my strength not my weakness.
Antoine De Saint-Exupery~ He who would travel happily must travel light.
Edmund Burke~ We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
Success is a progressive realization of worthwhile, predetermined personal goals. -Paul J Meyer
Henry Ford~ You cant build a reputation on what youre going to do.
John Fletcher~ Man is his own star and the soul that can render an honest and perfect man commands all light all influence all fate.
A relationship where two become one results in TWO HALF PEOPLE
King Edward the Third~ Evil to him who evil thinks.
Angela Keith~ When Im loved Im the universe If Im not Im merely a dying star.
Billie Joe~ Honesty is the best part of any art form. If you dont have that youre kidding yourself and your listener.
Aristotle~ A great city is not to be confounded with a populous one.
When you are in the valley, keep your goal firmly in view and you will get the renewed energy to continue the climb. -Denis Waitley
John Kenneth Galbraith~ Under capitalism man exploits man. Under communism its just the opposite.
Louis Pasteur~ In the fields of observation chance favors only the prepared mind.
King Charles I~ Never make a defense or an apology until you are accused.
American Proverb~ Kindness is the noblest weapon to conquer with.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions. (Earl Gray Stevens)
Igor Stravinski~ Money may kindle but it cannot by itself and for very long burn.
William Blake~ He who desires but acts not breeds pestilence.
Philippians Bible~ I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies. -Mencius
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. -Albert Einstein
Our character is shaped as much by our failures as it is by our successes. (John Gray)
The little that is completed, vanishes from the sight of one who looks forward to what is still to do. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. -Anthony Robbins
Marie de Sevigne~ When I step into this library I cannot understand why I ever step out of it.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -Art Linkletter
In my day, we didn't have self-esteem, we had self-respect... and no. - Jane Haddam
Anger is very difficult for me to express. I have a tremendous amount of anger but I like to save it ... for my loved ones. - Susan Sullivan
William James~ There is only one thing a philosopher can be relied upon to do and that is to contradict other philosophers.
Red~ Get busy living or get busy dying.
Al Kersha~ No matter what you believe it doesnt change the facts.
Cyril Connolly~ Everything is a dangerous drug except reality which is unendurable.
Oscar Wilde~ The cynic knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Jason Kaufmann~ The best way to predict the future is to create it
We are all failures - at least, all the best of us are. -J. M. Barrie
Herbert Spencer~ Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance. -Aesop
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
Unknown~ It doesnt do any good to sit up and take notice if you keep on sitting.
True love can not be found where it does not truly exist, nor can it be hidden where it does.
Charles Schwab~ A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm.
Aristotle~ Even when laws have been written down they ought not always to remain unaltered.
John Norley~ All things are difficult before they are easy.
Henry Ward Beecher~ Troubles are often the tools God fashions us for better things.
To speak and to speak well, are two things. A fool may talk, but a wise man speaks. -Ben Jonson
Benjamin Disraeli~ Sir I say that justice is truth in action.
Clare Booth Luce~ No good deed goes unpunished.
Auguste Renoir~ Ive been years discovering that the queen of all colors was black.
Bob Dylan~ Money doesnt talk it swears.
John Dryden~ But far more numerous was the herd of such Who think too little and who talk too much.
In simplest terms, a leader is one who knows where he wants to go, and gets up, and goes. - John Erksine
Despatch is the soul of business. - Philip Dormer Stanhope
He who dares... Wins! -British SAS motto
Thomas Savage~ Cosmic upheaval is not so moving as a little child pondering the death of a sparrow in the corner of a barn.
David H. Comins~ People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Anatole France~ It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Jorge Luis Borges~ I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Homer~ For rarely are sons similar to their fathers most are worse and a few are better than their fathers.
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet. -William F. Halsey
Thomas Alva Edison~ Everything comes to he who hustles while he waits.
I am sorry I offended you - I should have lied.
Virgil~ This quote reminds me to enjoy each moment of the summer Steep thyself in a bowl of summertime.
It takes years to build up trust, and only seconds to destroy it.
To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die. -Clyde Campbell
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love and to work and to play and to look up at the stars. -Henry Van Dyke
It is my hearts desire that I must be no more, that He be known more. (Saheed B. Olalekan)
Jerry Coleman~ They throw Winfield out at second but hes safe.
Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. -Earl Nightingale
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy. -Leo Buscaglia
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits. -Robert Louis Stevenson
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. -Andy Warhol
Joyce~ The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.
Keanu Reeves~ The simple act of paying attention can take you a long way.
Great men may die, but there ideas won't. (Kelly Nelson)
Controlled time is our true wealth. -Buckminster Fuller
I remember committing myself to make it in the garbage business, "whatever it takes!". - Tom Fatjo
Motivation is simple. You eliminate those who are not motivated. -Lou Holtz
Kahlil Gibran~ If you are poor shun association with him who measures men with the yardstick of riches.
We usually get what we anticipate. -Claude M. Bristol
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
Mignon McLaughlin~ No one really listens to anyone else and if you try it for a while youll see why.
Basil S. Walsh~ We dont need more strength or more ability or greater opportunity. What we need is to use what we have.
Jay Leno~ The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver.
Michael Landon~ Sometimes I wonder if we live life by reliving life rather than by living life.
We must build a new world, a far better world - one in which the eternal dignity of man is respected. -Harry S. Truman
Ella Wheeler Wilcox~ Talk happiness. The world is sad enough without your woe. No path is wholly rough.
Bill Parcells~ Success is never final but failure can be.
Amos Bronson Alcott~ No one is promiscuous in his way of dying. A man who has decided to hang himself will never jump in front of a train.
John Capozzi~ A free lunch is only found in mousetraps.
James Abram Garfield~ Ideas control the world.
How to succeed? Try hard enough. -Malcolm Forbes
The word listen contains the same letters as the word silent.
Ronald Reagan~ The best minds are not in government. If any were business would steal them away.
A genius is one who can do anything except make a living. -Joey Lauren Adams
Anne Brown~ A wise man keeps secrets in his heart a foolish man tells tales.
For every minute you are angry with someone, you lose 60 seconds of happiness that you can never get back.
Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. - Joseph Barth
Charles De Gaulle~ How can anyone govern a nation that has different kinds of cheese
Gerald R. Ford~ A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have.
Fran Lebowitz~ Great people talk about ideas average people talk about things and small people talk about wine.
Arabic Proverb~ To the pure all things are pure.
Peter Drucker~ So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work.
Hoshang N. Akhtar~ A failure establishes only this that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. -Vincent Lombardi
Maya Angelou~ History despite its wrenching pain cannot be unlived however if faced with courage need not be lived again.
When there's a will, there's a way..when there's a won't, there isn't.
Leo C. Rosten~ Happiness comes only when we push our brains and hearts to the farthest reaches of which we are capable.
George Bernard Shaw~ Activity is the only road to knowledge.
M. C. Richards~ All the arts we practice are apprenticeship. The big art is our life.
Ernest Hemingway~ If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
Samuel Johnson~ A man of genius has been seldom ruined but by himself.
Marcus Aelius Aurelius~ Loss is nothing else but change and change is Natures delight.
Love what you do. Do what you love. -Wayne Dyer
David Reisman~ Look at all the sentences which seem true and question them.
Simone de Beauvoir~ I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for the truth and truth rewarded me.
Hellen Keller~ We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. -George Horace Lorimer
Lower your voice and strengthen your argument. - Lebanese Proverb
Aesop~ Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
Fredrich Halm~ Two souls with but a single thought Two hearts that beat as one.
No man can climb out beyond the limitations of his own character. -John Lord Morley
Virgil~ Nunc scio quit sit amor.
Jules Verne~ Whatever one man is capable of conceiving other men will be able to achieve.
Roy M. Goodman~ Remember that happiness is a way of travel - not a destination.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Private victories precede public victories. -Stephen Covey
Mae West~ He who hesitates is a damned fool.
Francis Bacon~ There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
The ultimate inspiration is the deadline. -Nolan Bushnell
Philip Elmer-DeWitt~ Some people make headlines while others make history.
When Bishop Berkeley said "there was no matter." And proved it - 't was no matter what he said. - Lord Byron (George Gordon Noel Byron)
Clifton Paul Fadiman~ A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke and that the joke is oneself.
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all you energies on a limited set of targets. -Nido Qubein
A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. (African proverb)
German proverb~ Never give advice unless asked.
Not all that tempts your wandering eyes And heedless hearts is lawful prize, Not all that glisters gold. - Thomas Gray
Dorothy Parker~ She runs the gamut of emotions from A to B.
Inspiration is needed in geometry, just as much as in poetry. -Aleksandr Sergeyevich Pushkin
Anon.~ Error reading FAT record. Try the SKINNY one (YN)
Rudyard Kipling~ The female of the species is more deadly than the male.
A blond in a red dress can do without introductions - but not without a bodyguard. - Rona Jaffe
Unknown~ All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
Gamal Abdel Nasser~ Were a sentimental people. We like a few kind words better than millions of dollars given in a humiliating way.
Timothy Bible New Testament~ Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies.
A free lunch is only found in mousetraps. -John Capozzi
The best way I know of to win an argument is to start by being in the right. - Lord Quintin Hogg Hailsham
Thomas Alva Edison~ If we did all the things we were capable of doing We would literally astound ourselves.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ A great mind becomes a great fortune.
Abraham Lincoln~ If I were two-faced would I be wearing this one
Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess. - Edna W. Chase
Franklin Delano Roosevelt~ The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts about reality.
Four basic premises of writing: clarity, brevity, simplicity, and humanity. -William Zinsser
Francis Bacon~ He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils for time is the greatest innovator.
Ambrosius Macrobius~ Good laws have their origins in bad morals.
Baltasar Gracian~ He that can live alone resembles the brute beast in nothing the sage in much and God in everything.
George Santayana~ Sanity is a madness put to good use.
Trisha Yearwood~ Whats meant to be will always find a way.
Silence is the only thing that can't be misquoted!
Unknown~ Beautiful young people are accidents of nature But beautiful old people are works of art.
Orson Scott Card~ Your work is first learning is first winning is everything because without it there is nothing.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. -Albert Einstein
David Bissonette~ I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
You can outdistance that which is running after you but not what is running inside you. (Rwandan Proverb)
Even in a pile of manure, a flower will grow.
Father Jerome Cummings~ Love is shown in your deeds not in your words.
William Adams~ Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be.
French Proverb~ Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass.
With money I can buy things; with thinking I can understand things.
Failure is not fatal. Only failure to get back up is. -John C. Maxwell
Denis Diderot~ Virtue is praised but hated. People run away from it for it is ice-cold and in this world you must keep your feet warm.
American Indian Proverb~ A people without history is like wind on the buffalo grass. Sioux
James Baldwin~ The price one pays for pursuing any profession or calling is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never failing, but in rising every time we fail. -Nelson Mandela
Harry Millner~ There are many paths to the top of the mountain but only one view.
George-Louis Leclerc de Buffon~ Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jarawala Nehru
John Quincy Adams~ Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
Madame de Maintenon~ The true way to soften ones troubles is to solace those of others.
A judge is a law student who marks their own examination papers. (H.L. Mencken)
W. Somerset Maugham~ I dont know why it is that the religious never ascribe common sense to God.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life; That word is love. -Sophocles
We are not here merely to make a living. We are here to enrich the world. -Woodrow Wilson
Immature love says: "I love you because I need you." Mature love says: "I need you because I love you.". - Gandhi
Friedrich Nietzsche~ Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
There are only 10 types of people in this world: those who understand binary, and those who don't."
Charm is a product of the unexpected. - Jose Marti
I'd rather be able to face myself in the bathroom mirror than be rich and famous. - Ani Difranco
I believe the sign of maturity is accepting deferred gratification. -Peggy Cahn
Robert Frost~ Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
You can't tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
Sir Richard Francis Burton~ Broke is a temporary condition poor is a state of mind.
You can't train a horse with shouts, and expect it to obey a whisper.
Sophocles~ For God hates utterly The bray of bragging tongues.
Sir Winston Churchill~ He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
Johann von Goethe~ The ground that a good man treads is hallowed.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. -Earl Nightingale
Erastus Flavel Beadle~ Knowledge is power if you know it about the right person.
If you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much space. -Anonymous
Truman Capote~ To me the greatest pleasure of writing is not what its about but the music the words make.
Malcolm X~ The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Robert L. Stanfield~ Theres only one me and Im stuck with him.
Jean de La Fontaine~ In everything one must consider the end.
Quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten. -Gucci Family Slogan
John Dryden~ They think to little who talk to much.
Seneca~ This is the reason we cannot complain of lifeit keeps no one against his wll.
You can't aim a duck to death. -Gael Boardman
I have no particular talent, I am merely extremely inquisitive. (Albert Einstein)
And you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free. [John 8:32]. - Bible
John Mitchell Mason~ Judge thyself with the judgment of sincerity and thou will judge others with the judgment of charity.
Too much of a good thing is wonderful. -Mae West
Victor Hugo~ Lifes greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Colin Wilson
Horace~ Pale death knocks with impartial foot at poor mens hovels and kings palaces.
W. Somerset Maugham~ When you have loved as she has loved you grow old beautifully.
I have learned that two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different. (James Rhinehart)
Aristotle~ Misfortune shows those who are not really friends.
James Thurber~ There are two kinds of light - the glow that illumines and the glare that obscures.
Richard Needham~ It is the part of wisdom to keep your word and the part of folly to count on other people keeping theirs.
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. -Les Brown
Many folks want to serve God, but only as advisers.
Lawrence George Durrell~ The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ The other day I got out my can opener and was opening a can of worms when I thought What am I doing
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it. -William Arthur Ward
Janet Erskine Stuart~ There ought to be so many who are excellent there are so few.
Laurence Sterne~ A large volume of adventures may be grasped within this little span of life by him who interests his heart in everything.
Wind buffs up empty bladders; opinion, fools. - Socrates
Rabindranath Tagore~ While God waits for His temple to be built of love Men bring stones.
When a true genius appears in the world you may know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in confederacy against him. - Lord Alfred Tennyson
That person proves his worth who can make us want to listen when he is with us and think when he is gone. -Grit
Pythagorus~ As soon as laws are necessary for men they are no longer fit for freedom.
Imagination is the eye of the soul. -Joseph Joubert
Computer analyst to programmer: "You start coding. I'll go find out what they want."
Matthew Arnold~ ...what thwarts us and demands of us the greatest effort is also what can teach us most.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live. - Jean-paul Sartre
Leo Braeck~ Through faith man experiences the meaning of the world through action he is to give to it meaning.
Alain~ What is a thousand years Time is short for one who thinks endless for one who yearns.
True dignity is never gained by place, and never lost when honors are withdrawn. - Philip Massinger
Vince Lombardi~ Practice doesnt make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect.
If you have nothing to say, say nothing. -Mark Twain
Dr. Robert Schuller~ Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
Ovid~ The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about. -Wayne Dyer
It is not talking but walking that will bring us to heaven. (Matthew Henry)
A hero is one who knows how to hang on one minute longer. -Norwegian proverb
Mary Wollstonecraft~ No man chooses evil because it is evil he only mistakes it for happiness the good he seeks.
John Leax~ Christianity is a matter of willing Gods will and through Christ become one with it.
Assyrian Proverb~ Tell me your friends and Ill tell you who you are.
Unknown~ Advice is the only commodity on the market where the supply always exceeds the demand.
When God closes a door He opens a window.
Terence~ Their silence is sufficient praise.
Henry Louis Mencken~ A politician is an animal which can sit on a fence and yet keep both ears to the ground.
Plans are nothing; planning is everything. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
James Grover Thurber~ Well if I called the wrong number why did you answer the phone
Conan Doyle~ It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.
Margaret Cho~ Privacy and security are those things you give up when you show the world what makes you extraordinary.
Ziggy~ You can complain because roses have thorns or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
Amy Vanderbilt~ Parents must get across the idea that I love you always but sometimes I do not love your behavior.
Comte DeBussy-Rabutin~ Lamour vient de laveuglement lamitie de la connaissance. (Love comes from blindness friendship from knowledge.)
A pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed from a kick in the pants, but is miles ahead in results. -Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Peter Ustinov~ To refuse awards is another way of accepting them with more noise than is normal.
Spike Milligan~ Money cant buy friends but it can get you a better class of enemy.
Lawana Blackwell~ If there was strife and contention in the home very little else in life could compensate for it.
Over-preparation is the foe of inspiration. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Samuel Goldwyn~ Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
George Lois~ Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act the defeat of habit by orginality overcomes everything.
Such as we are made of, such we be. -Shakespeare
Mary Bertone~ But screw up your courage to the sticking place And well not fail.
It is a painful thing to look at your own trouble and know that you yourself and no one else has made it. -Sophocles
Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible and receives the impossible!
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ Beware how you take away hope from another human being.
Shutting down networkservers reguarly during worktime prevents RSI and develops social contacts at work.
Yogi Berra~ You can observe a lot just by watching.
First things first! But not necessarily in that order.
Success is 10 percent inspiration and 90 percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
Christopher Morley~ My theology briefly is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
The mind is never right but when it is at peace within itself. -Seneca
Euripides~ The day is for honest men the night for thieves.
Sue Patton Thoele~ Abundance is in large part an attitude.
Manilius~ We are always beginning to live but are never living.
Marilyn Ferguson~ Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is a freedom.
Earl Warren~ It is the spirit and not the form of law that keeps justice alive.
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research. -Carl G Jung
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery. -Francis Bacon
James Thurber~ I hate women because they always know where things are.
Love .... and you shall be loved.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and I'm not one to judge.
Hippocrates~ Idleness and lack of occupation tend - nay are dragged - towards evil.
As to marriage or celibacy, let a man take which course he will-he will be sure to repent it. -Socrates
Fran Lebowitz~ Life is something that happens when you cant get to sleep.
Joe Martin~ The most overlooked advantage to owning a computer is that if they foul up theres no law against wacking them around a little.
It is easy to be tolerant of the principles of other people if you have none of your own. -Herbert Samuel
Who speaks, sows; Who listens, reaps. -Argentine Proverb
The beloved of the Almighty are the rich who have the humility of the poor, and the poor who have the magnanimity of the rich.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
The problem is not that there are problems. The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem. - Theodore Rubin
John Perry~ Hope provides comfort and hope does not always require probability.
Thorstein Veblen~ Invention is the mother of necessity.
If you don't get a lawyer who knows law then get the one who knows the Judge !. - Bhalchandra
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough. - Lao-tzu
Who finds a wife finds a good thing, and obtains favor with the Lord. - Bible
Benjamin Franklin~ If your head is wax dont walk in the sun.
The only way to find the limits of the possible is by going beyond them to the impossible. -Arthur C. Clarke
Jean de La Fontaine~ By the work one knows the workmen.
Saint Augustine~ The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
Mike Tyson~ Im just an average guy. Im not Mother Teresa but Im not Charles Manson either.
Never try to teach a pig to sing. It wastes your time and annoys the pig. - Tallulah Bankhead
Frank McKinney Hubbard~ Litigation A form of hell whereby money is transferred from the pockets of the proletariat to that of lawyers.
Have no fear of perfection-you'll never reach it. -Salvadore Dali
My appointed work is to awaken the divine nature that is within. -Pilgrims
All that glisters is not gold. - Cervantes (Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra)
Christopher Reeve~ Dont give up. Dont lose hope. Dont sell out.
When I pray, coincidences happen, and when I don't pray, they don't. (William Temple)
Space is a dangerous place...especially if it's between your ears!
William James~ Circumstance does not make me it reveals me.
Reynolds Price~ What I still ask for daily - for life as long as I have work to do and work as long as I have life.
Writing is thinking on paper. -William Zinsser
Howard Abrahamson~ Im so happy to be rich Im willing to take all the consequences.
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control - these three alone lead life to sovereign power. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
Batman~ Bruce Wayne Ysee my life is really com-PLEX.
Anti-War Poster~ Let the sun shine in.
Kevin Kelly~ The only factor becoming scarce in a world of abundance is human attention.
Bertolt Brecht~ Righteous people have no sense of humor.
Mark Twain~ Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isnt.
Horace Bushnell~ It is only Christianity the great bond of love and duty to God that makes any existence valuable or even tolerable.
B. J. Gupta~ In order to find a good quotation in a dictionary of humorous quotations I didnt leave any stone unturned.
Cato the Elder~ After Im dead Id rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one.
Choice has always been a privilege of those who could afford to pay for it. - Ellen Frankfort
Calvin Coolidge~ The chief business of the American people is business.
George Washington Carver~ Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
Christy Mathewson~ You can learn little from victory. You can learn everything from defeat.
Nothing is a greater impediment to being on good terms with others than being ill at ease with yourself. -Honore De Balzac
Virgil~ They can do all because they think they can.
Nelson Boswell~ The difference between greatness and mediocrity is often how an individual views a mistake...
It is not the load that breaks you down; it's the way you carry it. (Lena Horne)
Be thankful for problems. If they were less difficult, someone with less ability might have your job.
The old rule of an eye for an eye leaves everybody blind.(Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr)
You are more likely to act yourself into feelings, than feel yourself into action. -Dr. Jerome Brunner
Pressbox Maxim~ Playing football in the morning is like eating cabbage for breakfast.
Anon.~ Tourists are terrorists with cameras. Terrorists are tourists with guns.
Nikita Khrushchev~ Whether you like it or not history is on our side. We will bury you.
Confucius~ The man of virtue makes the difficulty to be overcome his first business and success only a subsequent consideration.
King George VI~ The highest of distinctions is service to others.
A note left for a pianist from his wife: "Gone Chopin, have Liszt, Bach in a Minuet."
Ted Turner~ If I only had a little humility Id be perfect.
Shirley Mount Hufstedler~ Im bilingual. I speak English and I speak educationese.
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, "I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum."
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Friendship is the highest degree of perfection in society.
William Feather~ A hotel isnt like a home but its better than being a house guest.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. -George Burns
Austin Phelps~ Wear the old coat and buy the new book.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. (Dolly Parton)
Immanuel Kant~ Have patience awhile slanders are not long-lived. Truth is the child of time erelong she shall appear to vindicate thee.
Roger Zelazny~ Any man would be forsworn to gain a kingdom.
William Shakespeare~ Mine honour is my life both grow in one take honour from me and my life is done.
When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character. -W. Somerset Maugham
John Milton~ He who reigns within himself and rules his passions desires and fears is more than a King.
John H. Shield~ Opportunities are seldom labeled.
Publilius Syrus~ We desire nothing so much as what we ought not to have.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. -Napoleon Hill
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Next to the originator of a good sentence is the first quoter of it.
A gambler is nothing but a man who makes his living out of hope. ~ William Bolitho
Thomas Jefferson~ The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do.
Maurice Mascaranhas~ Profits are like breathing. You have to have them. But who would stay alive just to breathe
Eldridge Cleaver~ What were saying today is that youre either part of the solution or youre part of the problem.
Golda Meir~ Dont be so humble - you are not that great.
Ernie Banks~ Lets play two
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now-always. -Albert Schweitzer
Aristotle~ The gods too are fond of a joke.
Unknown~ A friend is someone who stays in when the rest of the world has gone out.
Anonymous~ Always imitate the behavior of the winners when you lose.
Science belongs to no one country. -Louis Pasteur
Babe Ruth~ Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Pablo Picasso~ Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
Your attitude is an expression of your values, beliefs and expectations. -Brian Tracy
Programmers don't die, they just GOSUB without RETURN.
Henry Ford~ Whether you believe you can do a thing or not you are right.
You can take a horse to water, but you cannot make it drink.
Margaret Mead~ The United States has the power to destroy the world but not the power to save it alone.
No matter what side of the argument you are on, you always find people on your side that you wish were on the other. - Jascha Heifetz
John Tillotson~ A good word is an easy obligation but not to speak ill requires only our silence which costs nothing.
Wystan Hugh Auden~ When one has great gifts what answer to the meaning of existence should one require beyond the right to exercise them
Alphonse Karr~ Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses.
The one who pursues revenge should dig two graves. -Chinese Proverb
Don Marquis~ Ideas pull the trigger but instinct loads the gun.
Edward George Earle Lytton Bulwer-Lytton~ Every man who observes vigilantly and resolves steadfastly grows unconsciously into genius.
Woody Allen~ Im astounded by people who want to know the universe when its hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
Billy~ On the edge of destiny you must test your strength.
Madame Chiang~ We live in the present we dream of the future but we learn eternal truths from the past.
Blaise Pascal~ Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Milton Friedman~ Inflation is the one form of taxation that can be imposed without legislation.
Mother Theresa~ Joy is prayer - Joy is strength - Joy is love - Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
It's a fine thing to rise above pride, but you must have pride in order to do so. - Georges Bernanos
Theodor Wiesengrund Adorno~ Those who corrupt the public mind are just as evil as those who steal from the public.
Anon.~ Lat Love me faithfullySee how I am faithfulWith all my heartAnd all my soulI am with youThough I am far away.
It is the familiar that usually eludes us in life. What is before our nose is what we see last. -William Barrett
F. Scott Fitzgerald~ At our convictions are hills from which we look At they are caves in which we hide.
Live by what you trust, not by what you fear.
Relationships based on obligation lack dignity. -Wayne Dyer
Quality begins on the inside... and then works its way out. -Bob Moawad
A husband is the medicine that cures all the ills of girlhood.
Unknown~ To accept passively an unjust system is to cooperate with that system thereby the oppressed become the oppressor.
Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something. -Frederick Smith
Time spent laughing is time spent with the gods. -Japanese proverb
Miguel de Cervantes~ I say that good painters imitated nature but that bad ones vomited it.
Arab Proverb~ All sunshine makes the desert.
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for. (Anon)
We owe a lot to Thomas Edison - if it wasn't for him, we'd be watching television by candlelight. -Milton Berle
Alfred North Whitehead~ We think in generalities but we live in detail.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Anonymous~ If for a tranquil mind you seek These things observe with care Of whom you speak to whom you speak And how and when and where.
Jerry Coleman~ Gonzo leaps like a giraffe and grabs it.
I haven't lost my mind, I know exactly where I left it.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. -Malcolm S. Forbes
E. R. Bulwer-Lytton~ It is difficult to say who do you the most mischief enemies with the worst intentions or friends with the best.
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. -John D. Rockefeller
Charles Churchill~ Genius is of no country.
In the book of life's questions, the answers are not in the back. -Charles Schultz
It is not what a teenager knows that worries his parents. It's how he found out.
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them. -Walt Disney
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out. -Robert Galvin
Warren Earl Burger~ We must have a program to learn the way out of prison.
Hey you, don't tell me there's no hope at all Together we stand, divided we fall. -Pink Floyd
Mark Twain~ The radical invents the views. When he has worn them out the conservative adopts them.
W. Somerset Maugham~ Its a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.
Jacquelyn Mitchard~ Cats regard people as warmblooded furniture.
Charles Robert Darwin~ If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature but by our institutions great is our sin.
God helps those who persevere. -Koran
Kahlil Gibran~ Half of what I say is meaningless but I say it so that the other half may reach you.
Sophocles~ Show me the man who keeps his house in hand Hes fit for public authority.
Joe Paterno~ Success without honor is an unseasoned dish it will satisfy your hunger but it wont taste good.
John Ernst Steinbeck~ Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them and pretty soon you have a dozen.
Unknown~ Eat a live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
William Wordsworth~ The thought of our past years in me doth breed Perpetual benedictions.
The only true wisdom consists in knowing that you know nothing. -Unknown. - Unknown
Lawrence Peter Berra~ The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase.
William Shakespeare~ This fellows wise enough to play the fool And to do that well craves a kind of wit.
Epictetus~ Appear to know only this - never to fail nor fall.
Learned Hand~ The hand that rules the press the radio the screen and the far-spread magazine rules the country.
Pablo Casals~ You must work - - we must all work To make the world worthy of its children.
Don Hirschberg~ Calling Atheism a religion is like calling bald a hair color.
Joe Moore~ The people to fear are not those who disagree with you but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know.
Louis Pasteur~ There are no such things as applied sciences only applications of science.
Consider how much more you often suffer from your anger and grief, than from those very things for which you are angry and grieved. Cato
Hermann Hesse~ All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened.
Edward Shepherd Mead~ Not even computers will replace committees because committees buy computers.
Jim Bishop~ The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.
Sentences that begin with "all women" are never, never true. (Margaret Banning)
Youth is a circumstance you can't do anything about. The trick is to grow up without getting old. -Frank Lloyd Wright
Benjamin Franklin~ Who is rich He that is content. Who is that Nobody.
Burt Bacharach~ A synonym is a word you use when you cant spell the word you first thought of.
Saint Augustine~ Faith is to believe what you do not see the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Cicero~ The strictest law often causes the most serious wrong.
People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be. -Abraham Lincoln
Peter McWilliams~ Stubbornness is also determination. Its simply a matter of shifting from wont power to will power.
Arnold J. Toynbee~ America is a large friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail it knocks over a chair.
Franklin D. Roosevelt~ There is nothing to fear but fear itself.
Jean Anouilh~ Propaganda is a soft weapon hold it in your hands too long and it will move about like a snake and strike the other way.
Sir Winston Leonard Spenser Churchill~ Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
Don't say" if I could, I would". Say instead "If I can, I will".
Waste no tears over the griefs of yesterday. -Euripides
Back to the Future~ Marty McFly Jesus George its a wonder I was ever born.
Goals help you channel your energy into action. -Les Brown
Henry David Thoreau~ I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear. -Mark Twain
Life is like riding a bike. It is impossible to maintain your balance while standing still. -Linda Brakeall
The thing I fear most is fear. -Michel Eyquem
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. -Sir James M. Barrie
A computer beat me at chess once. But, it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Vision: The first step toward creating an improved future is developing the ability to envision it. -Unknown Author
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ I am the man who accompanied Jacqueline Kennedy to Paris and I have enjoyed it.
Plato~ The hour of departure has arrived and we go our ways - I to die and you to live. Which is better God only knows.
Mary Stewart~ I reached for sleep and drew it round me like a blanket muffling pain and thought together in the merciful dark.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. -Liane Cordes
A man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away. -Charles Schwab
William Osler~ Shut out all of your past except that which will help you weather your tomorrows.
Unknown~ Count your life by smiles not tears. Count your age by friends not years.
Martha Grimes~ We dont know who we are until we see what we can do.
To succeed means that you may have to step out of line and march to the sound of your own drummer. - Keith Degreen
William Bolitho~ You need more fact in the dangerous art of giving presents than in any other social action.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. (Herman Melville)
Ukranian Proverb~ The church is near but the way is icy The tavern is far but I will walk carefully.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. -Marie Curie
Church is the only society on earth that exists for the benefit of non-members. (William Temple)
Publilius Syrus~ It takes a long time to bring excellence to maturity.
In this game, by trying to win; you automatically lose. -Ruth Ross
George Smith Patton Jr.~ If a man does his best what else is there
James A. LaFond-Lewis~ The fearless are merely fearless. People who act in spite of their fear are truly brave.
Chinese Proverb~ He who hurries can not walk with dignity.
Frank Lloyd Wright~ Business is like riding a bicycle. Either you keep moving or you fall down.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Taylor Benson
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. -Seneca
Charles Monroe Schultz~ Try not to have a good time...this is supposed to be educational.
William Osler~ The desire to take medicine is perhaps the greatest feature which distinguishes man from animals.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ The basis for optimism is sheer terror.
William James~ The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
Take care of your character and your reputation will take care of itself.
Johann von Goethe~ Thinking is easy acting is difficult and to put ones thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world.
Charles Galloway~ The single most important factor in determining the climate of an organization is the top executive.
Walter Savage Landor~ We talk on principle but we act on interest.
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale. -Arthur C. Clarke
You've got to watch your mind all the time or you'll awaken and find a strange picture on your press. -Lord Buckley
Love is the irresistible desire to be desired irresistibly.
Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Danish proverb~ If you would live healthy be old early.
Jacques Maritain~ We dont love qualities we love persons sometimes by reason of their defects as well as of their qualities.
When something important is going on, silence is a lie. -A.M. Rosenthal
Johann von Goethe~ The man of understanding finds everything laughable.
Arnold Glasgow~ The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg not by smashing it.
If a man happens to find himself, he has a mansion which he can inhabit with dignity all the days of his life. -James A. Michener
William Shakespeare~ It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
Hannah Green~ Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
Thomas Paine~ The world is my country all mankind are my brethren and to do good is my religion.
James Lane Allen~ You are today where your thoughts have brought you you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
Jerry Coleman~ Theres a deep fly ball... Winfield goes back back... his head hits the wall ... its rolling towards second base.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance and sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
Albert Pike~ A Human Thought is an actual Existence and a Force and Power capable of acting upon and controlling matter as well as mind.
H. G. Wells~ We were making the future he said and hardly any of us troubled to think what future we were making. And here it is.
It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end. -Ursula K. Le Guin
If you can't say something nice, become a reporter.
You can win more friends with your ears than you can with your mouth!
Two men looked out of prison bars. One saw mud and the other saw stars.
A team is a team is a team. Shakespeare said that many times. -Dan Devine
Samuel Johnson~ Language is only the instrument of science and words are but the signs of ideas.
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more. -Edward Harriman
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. -Henri Bergson
Norman Thomas~ The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and to hold them in the right scale of values.
Fran Lebowitz~ If you are truly serious about preparing your child for the future dont teach him to subtract - teach him to deduct.
When you seek it, you cannot find it. -Zen Proverb
Sidney Poitier~ We all suffer from the preoccupation that there exists ... in the loved one perfection.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. -Sir Winston Churchill
N. P. Willis~ There they stand the innumerable stars shining in order like a living hymn written in light.
Solomon Ibn Gabirol~ As long as a word remains unspoken you are its master once you utter it you are its slave.
Mel Colgrove~ Know that the pain will pass and when it passes you will be stronger happier more sensitive and aware.
James Madison~ If men were angels no government would be necessary.
There is an ?exception to every rule? - and most people think they are it.
Plutarch~ Silence at the proper season is wisdom and better than any speech.
Maturity is knowing when to be immature. -Randall Hall
Proverbs Bible~ Even a fool when he holdeth his peace is counted wise and he that shutteth his lips is esteemed a man of understanding.
All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them. -Charles Caleb Colton
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet. -Stanislaw J. Lec
Spanish Proverb~ Books are hindrances to persisting stupidity.
The whisper of a pretty girl can be heard further than the roar of a lion. (Arab proverb)
I saw a sign that said "seeing eye dogs only" who is supposed to read this? the dog?
Concentration is the secret of strength in politics, in war, in trade, in short in all management of human affairs. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Kyle Schmidt~ I have said nothing because there is nothing I can say that would describe how I feel as perfectly as you deserve it.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. (Martin Luther King)
Alan Woods~ Blame someone else and get on with your life.
Danish proverb~ Every person is a fool in somebodys opinion.
Adrienne E. Gusoff~ Girls just want to have funds.
Jean de la Bruyere~ Discretion is the perfection of reason and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
NEIGHBOR, n. One whom we are commanded to love as ourselves, and who does all he knows how to make us disobedient. - Countess Of Blessington
John Dryden~ You see through love and that deludes your sight As what is straight seems crooked through the water.
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never. -Bela Karolyi
Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom s. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
E. M. Kelly~ The difference between a boss and a leader a boss says Go - a leader says Lets go
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. -Norman Vincent Peale
John Leonard~ The rich are different from you and me because they have more credit.
We tend to live up to our expectations. -Earl Nightingale
Blessed is he who, having nothing to say, refrained from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. -Charles Luckman
Rodney Dangerfield~ I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasnt met me yet.
Real Live Preacher~ Im searching through all that has ever been hoped in praise of what can never be known.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Le sens commun nest pas si commun (Common sense is not so common)
John Bible~ I have glorified thee on the earth I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.
Wayne W Dyer~ Its never to late to have a happy childhood.
Judy Garland~ Be a first rate version of yourself not a second rate version of someone else.
Henry David Thoreau~ My friend is one... who take me for what I am.
Ralph Nader~ The networks are not some chicken-coop manufacturing lobby whose calls nobody returns.
Don't trust anyone over 30 who used to say "Don't trust anyone over 30.". - Anonymous
Norman Ford~ Never try to tell everything you know. It may take too short a time.
Will Rogers~ I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
Anger is one of the sinews of the Soul; he that wants it hath a maimed mind. - Thomas Fuller
Kahlil Gibran~ Friendship is always a sweet responsibility never an opportunity.
Sir Walter Raleigh~ All men are evil and will declare themselves to be so when occasion is offered.
Unknown~ One truly cannot be described If the one doing the describing Has a bad attitude.
Arthur Ashe~ Success is a journey not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. -Douglas MacArthur
What we need is to use what we have. -Basil S. Walsh
Scottish Proverb~ Be happy while youre living for youre a long time dead.
Bertrand Russell~ War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Oscar Hammerstein II~ Do you love me because Im beautiful or am I am beautiful because you love me
Carl Gustav Jung~ The pendulum of the mind oscillates between sense and nonsense not between right and wrong.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return. -Pilgrims
The trouble with man is two-fold; he cannot learn truths which are too complicated.. he forgets truths which are too simple.
Clive Staples Lewis~ When we lose one blessing another is often most unexpectedly given in its place.
Better to light a candle, than to curse the darkness.
John Lahr~ Society drives people crazy with lust and calls it advertising.
Why is it that when one man kills another, he is hanged as a murderer, but when one man kills millions, he is hailed as a conqueror?
Eric Sevareid~ Dealing with network executives is like being nibbled to death by ducks.
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting."
I just try to be the best I can be and hope that is the best ever. -Tiger Woods
Benjamin Disraeli~ We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence and its only end.
It is more noble by silence to avoid an injury than by argument to overcome it. - Francis Beaumont
Don't let time take control of your destiny. Let your destiny take control of your time. (Ulrick Ricardo Milord)
Open your mind to God's wisdom, open your soul to God's peace, open your heart to God's love and all three will stay with you forever.
Why does the sun on the Raisan Bran cereal box wear sunglasses?
Leo C. Rosten~ Courage is the capacity to comfront what can be imagined....
Dorothy C. Fisher~ A mother is not a person to lean on but a person to make leaning unnecessary.
It is not seeing the light that impacts ones life; it is never ceasing to see the light that impresses ones life spirit heart and soul.
If you change the belief first, changing the action is easier. -Peter Mcwilliams
Logan Pearsall Smith~ Dont tell your friends their social faults they will cure the fault and never forgive you.
Marabeth Madsen~ Sanity is a small price to pay for happiness.
Heywood Broun~ Posterity is as likely to be wrong as anybody else.
Katharine Whitehorn~ The rule is not to talk about money with people who have much more or much less than you.
Harry Firestone~ It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
Menander~ The character of a man is known from his conversations.
Francis Bacon~ Laws and institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind.
William Congreve~ He that first cries out stop thief is often he that has stolen the treasure.
George Santayana~ An ideal cannot wait for its realization to prove its validity.
Roosevelt Eleanor~ I could not at any age be content to take my place in a corner by the fireside and simply look on.
My parents worked hard to give us everything money could not buy.
W. Allingham~ Politeness costs nothing. Nothing that is to him that shows it but if often costs the world very dear.
If things seem under control, you are just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti
Ayn Rand~ Live a life as a monument to your soul.
Niccolo Machiavelli~ Since love and fear can hardly exist together if we must choose between them it is far safer to be feared than loved.
Richard Exely~ Failing doesnt make you a failure. Giving up accepting your failure refusing to try again does
Derek Curtis Bok~ If you think education is expensive try ignorance.
Charlotte Cushman~ To try to be better is to be better.
Alexander Smith~ Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others and the delight in the recognition.
Jennie Jerome Churchill~ Treat your friends as you do your pictures and place them in their best light.
Arabic Parable~ Write the bad things that are done to you in sand but write the good things that happen to you on a piece of marble.
Do not be afraid of enthusiasm. You need it. You can do nothing effectively without it. -Francois Pierre Guillaume Guizot
Kahlil Gibran~ What do the nationalists say about killers punishing murderers and thieves sentencing looters
You cannot be friends upon any other terms than upon the terms of equality. -Woodrow Wilson
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change. -Confucius
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Thought is the blossom language the bud action the fruit behind it.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Reinhold Niebuhr~ Mans capacity for justice makes democracy possible but mans inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.
If you fill your heart with regrets of yesterday and the worries of tomorrow, you have no today to be thankful for.
We are hoarding potentials so great that they are just about unimaginable. -Jack Schwartz
Thomas Jefferson~ I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
D. H. Lawrence~ Life is ours to be spent not to be saved.
Aesop~ Destroy the seed of evil or it will grow up to your ruin.
Opportunity is just success looking for a place to happen. -Greg Hickman
Groucho Marx~ I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set I go into the other room and read a book.
Thomas Jefferson~ In matters of style swim with the current in matters of principle stand like a rock.
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. -W. Edwards Deming
Theodore Sturgeon~ Ninety percent of everything is crap.
A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember your birthday when you never look any older?"
Kahlil Gibran~ Let there be spaces in your togetherness.
Mitchell Burgess~ The mellow sweetness of pumpkin pie off a prison spoon is something you will never forget.
Rabindranath Tagore~ The mountain remains unmoved at seeming defeat by the mist.
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ You cannot do a kindness too soon for you never know how soon it will be too late.
Dick Gregory~ I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come into my neighborhood after dark.
A ship in harbour is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. (John A. Shedd)
Joe Theismann~ Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein.
If it is worth doing, it is worth overdoing! (Stacey Brown)
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love. - Mother Theresa
Christina Baldwin~ Ritual is the way you carry the presence of the sacred. Ritual is the spark that must not go out.
Thoughtfulness for others, generosity, modesty and self-respect are the qualities which make a real gentleman or lady. -Thomas H. Huxley
Four things come not back: the spoken word, the spent arrow, the past, and the neglected opportunity. (Omar Idn Al-Halif)
He who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit.
Isabella Mary Beeton~ A place for everything and everything in its place.
The disappearance of a sense of responsibility is the most far-reaching consequence of submission to authority. - Stanley Milgram
James Thomson~ Absence with all its pains is by this charming moment wiped away.
Average minds ... discuss events. Small minds ... discuss people.
Quentin Crisp~ Health consists of having the same diseases as ones neighbors.
No pressure, no diamonds. - Mary Case
Muhammad Ali~ My toughest fight was with my first wife.
A kid's idea of a balanced diet is a hamburger in each hand.
Lao Tzu~ To know that you do not know is the best. To pretend to know when you do not know is a disease.
There are many paths to the top of the mountain, but the view is always the same. -Chinese Proverb
Alex Carey~ It is long accepted by the missionaries that morality is inversely proportional to the amount of clothing people wore.
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior. -Henry C Link
George Jean Nathan~ Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
We have no simple problems or easy decisions after kindergarten. -John W. Turk
When you are down and out something always turns up - and it's usually the noses of your friends. -Orson Welles
Bertrand Russell~ Boredom is a vital problem for the moralist since at least half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it.
Paul A. Samuelson~ Good questions outrank easy answers.
Do not fold, spindle or mutilate. - Charles Lamb (used pseudonym Elia)
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. - Confucius
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. (Fables Aesop)
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. -Irving Berlin
The next best thing to winning is losing! At least you've been in the race. -Nellie Hershey Tullis
Adriana Diaz~ Fun has a sacred dimension.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
Aeschylus~ Exiles feed on hope.
Prince Otto~ People never lie so much as after a hunt during a war or before an election.
Dwell as near as possible to the channel in which your life flows. -Henry David Thoreau
Stendhal~ One can acquire everything in solitude except character.
Joan Rivers~ A man can sleep around no questions asked but if a woman makes nineteen or twenty mistakes shes a tramp.
When you give and don't expect anything back that's love. But if you give and expect a return it's an investment.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. -Bo Jackson
George Bernard Shaw~ Democracy is a device that ensures we shall be governed no better than we deserve.
Clarence Darrow~ Even if you do learn to speak correct English whom are you going to speak it to
Harold J. Seymore~ Leaders are the ones who keep faith with the past keep step with the present and keep the promise to posterity.
Socrates~ The end of life is to be like God and the soul following God will be like him.
Jewish Proverb~ People come to poverty in two ways accumulating debts and paying them off.
Euripides~ Every man is like the company he is wont to keep.
Autopsy is a dying practice.
Edmund Burke~ Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Homer~ There is a strength in the union even of very sorry men.
William Faulkner~ I believe that man will not merely endure he will prevail.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy~ Lets not talk so much about vice. Im against vice in all forms.
Titus Livius~ There is always more spirit in attack than in defence.
George S. Patton~ Dont tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Napoleon Bonaparte~ Men in general are but great children.
Quit now, you'll never make it. If you disregard this advice, you'll be halfway there. -David Zucker
Homer~ Hateful to me as the gates of Hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another.
James Arthur Baldwin~ The future is like heaven everyone exalts it but no one wants to go there now.
Johann von Goethe~ The phrases that men hear or repeat continually end by becoming convictions and ossify the organs of intelligence.
The world is not to be put in order; the world is order, incarnate. It is for us to harmonize with this order. -Henry Miller
In oratory the will must predominate. -David Hare
Phaedrus~ There is danger in both belief and unbelief.
Toni Cade Bambera~ The most effective way to do it is to do it.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Let us say what we feel and feel what we say let speech harmonize with life.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. (Thomas Edison)
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. -Henry Ford
John Galsworthy~ Idealism increases in direct proportion to ones distance from the problem.
Martin Luther~ Now the church is not wood and stone but the company of people who believe in Christ.
Ecclesiastes Bible Hebrew~ Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry for anger resteth in the bosom of fools.
I always entertain great hopes. -Robert Frost
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Whether they ever find life there or not I think Jupiter should be considered an enemy planet.
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime. -Richard Bach
James Cash Penney~ I will have no man work for me who has not the capacity to become a partner.
Tallulah Bankhead~ Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
Our arms are the only ones God has to hug His children.
Charles Krauthammer~ A three-year diet of rubber chicken and occasional crow.
Rick Pitino~ When you build bridges you can keep crossing them.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ In every good man a God doth dwell.
Rene Descartes~ In order to improve the mind we ought less to learn than to contemplate.
Jack Penn~ One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose until you lose.
Jodie Foster~ Love and respect are the most important aspects of parenting and of all relationships.
Jean Jacques Rousseau~ Accent is the soul of language it gives to it both feeling and truth.
Aristotle~ It is possible to fail in many ways...while to succeed is possible only in one way.
Albert Camus~ Too many have dispensed with generosity in order to practice charity.
Kahlil Gibran~ To be closer to God be closer to people.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them. -Abraham Lincoln
Samuel Johnson~ Your aspirations are your possibilities.
Hell has no fire escapes.
Charles Monroe Schultz~ Thats the secret to life... replace one worry with another....
Mark Yost~ History although sometimes made up of the few acts of the great is more often shaped by the many acts of the small.
Melody Beattie~ Each moment in time we have it all even when we think we dont.
James Barrett Scotty Reston~ Half circus and half Supreme Court.
Oliver Wendell Holmes~ The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand as in what direction you are moving.
Resolve to make each day the very best and don't let anyone get in your way. If they do, step on them. -Ivan Benson
Jeanne-Marie Roland~ The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
Come, work for the Lord. The work is hard, the hours long and the pay is low. But the retirement benefits are out of this world.
Thomas Sowell~ Politeness and consideration for others is like investing pennies and getting dollars back.
If you want greater prosperity in your life, start forming a vacuum to receive it. -Catherine Ponder
Be yourself. Who else is better qualified?. -Frank Giblin, Ii
Imagination is more important than knowledge. (Albert Einstein)
Where your talents and the needs of the world cross lies your calling. -Aristotle
Lee Iacocca~ My father always used to say that when you die if youve got five real friends then youve had a great life.
Don Juan Manuel~ He who praises you for what you lack wishes to take from you what you have.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
G. F. Lessing~ A person who doesnt lose his wits over certain things has no wits to lose.
John Allston~ If you dont control your mind someone else will.
Samuel Richardson~ Calamity is the test of integrity.
Elbert Hubbard~ A man is not paid for having a head and hands but for using them.
We grow small trying to be great. -Eli Stanley Jones
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ A great step toward independence is a good humored stomach.
Danish proverb~ Cuando amor no es locura no es amor. (When love is not madness it is not love.)
B positive is not my blood group, still its in my blood.
The past should be a springboard not a hammock. -Irving Ball
There is always something to be thankful for. If you can't pay your bills, you can be thankful you are not one of your creditors.(E.C. McKenzie)
The ear of the leader must ring with the voices of the people. -Woodrow Wilson
Ernest Rutherford~ You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than about - to .
It is better to have bad breath than to have no breath at all.
Golda Meir~ Those who dont know how to weep with their whole heart dont know how to laugh either.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ The longer we dwell on our misfortunes the greater is their power to harm us.
Maitri Upanishads~ Ones own thought is ones world. What a person thinks is what he becomes.
Steve Gray~ Opportunity knocks at the strangest times Its not the time that matters But how you answer the door.
It works! Now if only I could remember what I did...
H.L. Mencken~ Platitude an idea (a) that is admitted to be true by everyone and (b) that is not true.
Alexander A. Bogomoletz~ One must not lose desires. They are mighty stimulants to creativeness to love and to long life.
Margaret Lee Runbeck~ Giving is a necessity sometimes... more urgent indeed than having.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes~ People who matter are most aware that everyone else does too.
If you can laugh with a person, you can work with a person.
Seneca~ You can tell the character of every man when you see how he receives praise.
George Bernard Shaw~ Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Believe in miracles, but don't depend on them.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette~ Look for a long time at what pleases you and for a longer time at what pains you.
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound. -James Allen
Jerry Coleman~ Jesus Alou is in the on-deck circus.
Lorraine Hansberry~ Never be afraid to sit awhile and think.
Golda Meir~ Arab sovereignty in Jerusalem just cannot be. This city will not be divided-not half and half not - not - nothing.
Gustave Flaubert~ One must not always think that feeling is everything. Art is nothing without form.
Toughness is in the soul and spirit, not in muscles. -Alex Karras
John Updike~ Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right or doing it better.
A friend is a present you give yourself. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Yogi Berra~ Congratulations. I knew the record would stand until it was broken.
Phaedrus~ The humble suffer when the mighty disagree.
The burdens of the world on my back lightens the world not one whit, while removing them greatly decreases my specific gravity.
Get out of the blocks, run your race, stay relaxed. If you run your race, you'll win. Channel your energy. Focus. -Carol Lewis
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare. -Benedict Spinoza, a 16th century philosopher
Rudyard Kipling~ I kep six honest serving-men (They taught me all I knew) Their names are What and Why and When And How and Where and Who.
America is the only country in the world where the poor have a parking problem.
Science without religion is lame; religion without science is blind. (Albert Einstein)
Confidence is the result of hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication. -Roger Staubach
Heroes became heroes flaws and all. You don't have to be perfect to fulfill your dream. -Peter Mcwilliams
I'm serious; it was a joke.
We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true. -Denis Waitley
Eagles don't flock - you have to find them one at a time. -Ross Perot
The glass is not half-empty, it?s just twice as big as it needs to be.
Leon Samson~ The Diplomat sits in silence watching the world with his ears.
There are one hundred and ninety nine ways to get beat, but only one way to win; get there first. -Willie Shoemaker
John N. Mitchell~ You will be better advised to watch what we do instead of what we say.
Ben Shahn~ I believe that if it were left to artists to choose their own labels most would choose none.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized, they die when neglected. -John Wicker
The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn. -John Lubbock
Marvin~ If you cannot find peace within yourself you will never find it anywhere else.
Joan Baez~ Hypothetical questions get hypothetical answers.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. (Japanese proverb)
Johnny Carson~ Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president and anyone who doesnt grow up can be vice president.
Mark Twain~ A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
H.L. Mencken~ Communism like any other revealed religion is largely made up of prophecies.
Homer~ By their own follies they perished the fools.
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. -Thomas Alva Edison
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ A weed is just a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
Japanese Proverb~ You dont have to die heaven and hell are in this world too.
What I am trying to do is to unmuddle the metaphysical. -Wayne Dyer
What millions died that Caesar might be great? -Joseph Campell
No one but a fool would measure their satisfaction by what the world thinks of it. - Oliver Goldsmith
Henry David Thoreau~ Things do not change we change.
Mark Twain~ There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
George Orwell~ Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Creative minds always have been known to survive any kind of bad training. -Anna Freud
Jerry Coleman~ Gaylord Perry and Willie McCovey should know each other like a book. Theyve been ex-teammates for years now.
Thomas Huxley~ The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
Ernest Hemingway~ Courage is grace under pressure.
Peter Nivio Zarlenga~ To come to be you must have a vision of Being a Dream a Purpose a Principle. You will become what your vision is.
Do not hold everything as gold which shines like gold. - Alanus de Insulus (Alain de l'Isle)
Cary Grant~ Everyone wants to be Cary Grant. Even I want to be Cary Grant.
Kites rise highest against the wind-not with it. -Sir Winston Churchill
Christina Stead~ If all the rich people in the world divided up their money among themselves there wouldnt be enough to go around.
Bring on the suuuunshine... whoo hoo now I can dress like a tart and noone will mind.
Doug Larson~ The reason people blame things on the previous generations is that theres only one other choice.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Blow ye winds like the trumpet blows but without that noise.
Gloomy as night he stands. - Homer ("Smyrns of Chios")
If someone says "can't," that shows you what to do. -John Cage
J Tolkein~ It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations if you live near him.
Sanaya Roman~ What you love is a sign from your higher self of what you are to do.
Martin Luther~ Prayer is a strong wall and fortress of the church it is a goodly Christian weapon.
Germain G. Glidden~ The older I grow the more I listen to people who dont talk much.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
John Christian Bovee~ Mind unemployed is mind unenjoyed.
If you judge people, you will have no time to love them.
Lily Tomlin~ The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win youre still a rat.
D. B. Hudson~ Make no little plans. They have no Magic to stir Mens blood.
Andre Gide~ Be faithful to that which exists nowhere but in yourself - and thus make yourself indispensable.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized. -Albert Einstein
George~ May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
Maya Angelou~ Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
Aldous Huxley~ Theres only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving and thats your own self.
Gloria Pitzer~ About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age.
You are within God. God is within you. -Pilgrims
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. - Abraham Lincoln
Diane Ackerman~ Success produces success just as money produces money.
You are wholly complete and your success in life will be in direct proportion to your ability to accept this truth about you.
Joseph Sobran~ Politics is the conspiracy of the unproductive but organized against the productive but unorganized.
Dan Quisenberry~ The future is much like the present only longer.
Until you value yourself you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it. -M. Scott Peck
Thornton~ My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate - thats my philosophy.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. - Mahfouz. - Naguib
George Santayana~ To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
My mother's menu consisted of two choices: Take it or leave it. -Buddy Hackett
When they discover the center of the universe, a lot of people will be disappointed to discover they are not it. -Bernard Bailey
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep. -Thomas De Quincey
William Butler Yeats~ Think where mans glory most begins and ends And say my glory was I had such friends.
If you find a four-leaf clover, it means you have entirely too much time on your hands.
Strangers are just friends waiting to happen. To become a good man, one must have faithful friends, or outright enemies. -Napoleon
Josh Billings~ The time to pray is not when we are in a tight spot but just as soon as we get out of it.
George Bernard Shaw~ Its all that the young can do for the old to shock them and keep them up to date.
Herb Caen~ The only thing wrong with immortality is that it tends to go on forever.
And think not you can guide the course of love. For love, if it finds you worthy, shall guide your course. -Kahlil Gibran
The greatest inspiration is often born of desperation. -Comer Cotrell
Henrik Tikkanen~ Truly great madness cannot be achieved without significant intelligence.
Sbastien-Roch Nicolas de Chamfort~ Most of todays books have an air of having been written in one day from books read the night before.
Thomas Hardy~ The fundamental error of their matrimonial union that of having based a permanent contract on a temporary feeling.
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization. -Denis Waitley
To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy. -Garth Brooks
Don't speak of secret matters in a field that is full of little hills. (Hebrew proverb)
Theodor Wiesengrund Adorno~ Let us talk sense to the American people. Let us tell them the truth that there are not gains without pains.
William James Lampton~ Same old slippers Same old rice Same old glimpse of paradise.~ );
Abraham Lincoln~ If there is anything that a man can do well I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
Baba Ram Dass~ Only that in you which is me can hear what Im saying.
Unknown~ If at first you dont succeed destroy all evidence you ever tried
Carl Zwanzig~ Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side a dark side and it holds the universe together....
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience. (Archibald McLeish)
Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away. -Thomas Fuller
Friendship with oneself is all-important because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Quoting one is plagiarism. Quoting many is research.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. -Napoleon Hill
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be. -Adlai E. Stevenson
Chuang-tzu~ He who knows he is a fool is not the biggest fool He who knows he is confused is not in the worst confusion.
You mean I can't update my sexy amazing picture
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. -Frank Herbert
Fred Allen~ Television is the triumph of machine over people.
Mark Twain~ I never let schooling interfere with my education.
Shakti Gawain~ The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf.
Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what's wrong with it. -Tomorrow
David Joseph Schwartz~ To fight fear act. To increase fear - wait put off postpone.
Only one life, it will soon be past. Only what's done for Christ will last. (C. T. Studd)
The older I get, the older old is.
Thomas Mann~ A writer is a person for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way. -John C. Maxwell
Richard Needham~ A sensible man knows you cant please everybody. A wise man knows you cant please anybody.
Woody Allen~ Students achieving Oneness will move on to Twoness.
Buddha~ If you knew what I know about the power of giving you would not let a single meal pass without sharing it in some way.
George Smith Patton Jr.~ Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
e e cummings~ The snow doesnt give a soft white damn whom it touches.
Robert Byrne~ In order to preserve your self-respect it is sometimes necessary to lie and cheat.
Venezuelan Proverb~ There is nothing hidden between Heaven and Earth.
Anatole France~ Man is so made that he can only find relaxation from one kind of labor by taking up another.
If a train station is where the train stops, what is a work station?
Marilyn Moats Kennedy~ Its better to be boldly decisive and risk being wrong than to agonize at length and be right too late.
Richard Guggenheimer~ Unless a life is activated by sustained purpose it can become a depressingly haphazard affair.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Too bad theres not such a thing as a GOLDEN skunk because youd probably be PROUD to be sprayed by one.
Turkish Proverb~ A heart in love with beauty never grows old.
Dwight Lyman Moody~ A little faith will bring your soul to heaven but a lot of faith will bring heaven to your soul.
Learned Hand~ Words are chameleons which reflect the color of their environment.
Love is an act of faith, and whoever is of little faith is also of little love. -Erich Fromm
Only a monopolist could study a business and ruin it by giving away products. - Scott Mcnealy
One who looks for a friend without faults will have none.
The problem with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than their minds. - Walter Duranty
Charles Kingsley~ It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly Can never know what true friendship means.
Man who stand on hill with mouth open will wait long time for roast duck to drop in. -Confucius
To imagine the unimaginable is the highest use of the imagination. -Cynthia Ozick
Marian Anderson~ Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.
He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly... -Proverbs 14:17a. - Proverbs 14:17a
Unknown~ And remember no matter where you go there you are.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. (Thomas Jefferson)
William Cowper~ The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
Novalis~ There is but one temple in the universe and that is the body of man.
Sweat plus sacrifice equals success. -Charlie Finley
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere. -Tim McGraw
Edgar Watson Howe~ One has fear in front of a goat in back of a mule and on every side of a fool.
Your thoughts can cause you to be rich or poor, loved or unloved, happy or unhappy, attractive or unattractive, powerful or weak.
Anthony Robbins~ Do what you fear and the death of fear is certain.
G. C. Lichtenberg~ He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage he wont encounter many rivals.
Jonathan Swift~ The stoical scheme of supplying our wants by lopping off our desires is like cutting off our feet when we want shoes.
You don't write because you want to say something, you write because you've got something to say. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. -Ben Franklin
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. - Les Brown
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ For mad scientists who keep brains in jars heres a tip Why not add a slice of lemon to each jar for freshness.
Jerry Coleman~ Davis fouls out to third in fair territory.
Jean Kerr~ Im tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep. Thats deep enough. What do you want an adorable pancreas
Sir Edmund Hillary~ It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ That grief is light which can take counsel.
Wendell Willkie~ No man has a right in America to treat any other man tolerantly for tolerance is the assumption of superiority.
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands. -Zig Ziglar
Mark Twain~ Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist. (Indira Gandhi)
W. Somerset Maugham~ I can imagine no more comfortable frame of mind for the conduct of life than a humorous resignation.
Arnold Bennett~ The moment youre born youre done for.
Robert South~ Speech was given to the ordinary sort of men whereby to communicate their mind but to wise men whereby to conceal it.
John Stuart Mill~ All good things which exist are the fruits of originality.
Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect. - Benny Hill
Euripides~ You were a stranger to sorrow therefore Fate has cursed you.
The eyes of men speak words the tongue cannot pronounce. (Native American proverb)
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do. -Jon Holt
Saadi~ Whatever is produced in haste goes hastily to waste.
Alanis Morissette~ I see my body as an instrument rather than an ornament.
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing. -Herodotus
Ted Williams~ The inside half of the plate. Thats where historys made.
I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself. -Mikhail Baryshnikov
John Corry~ Loneliness seems to have become the great American disease.
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite. -G.k Chesterton
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ I delight in men over seventy. They always offer one the devotion of a lifetime.
I Ching~ The Creative knows the great beginnings. The Receptive completes the finished things.
Kahlil Gibran~ Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.
It often requires more courage to dare to do right than to fear to do wrong. -Abraham Lincoln
George Bernard Shaw~ A fashion is nothing but an induced epidemic.
Have no friends not equal to yourself. -Confucius
William Shakespeare~ Hereafter in a better world than this I shall desire more love and knowledge of you.
Abraham Lincoln~ I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich~ To keep the heart unwrinkled to be hopeful kindly cheerful reverent - that is to triumph over old age.
Jean de La Fontaine~ A cheerful mind is a vigorous mind.
Plutarch~ When the candles are out all women are fair.
A vibration is a motion that can't make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Leroy Robert Satchel Paige~ Never let the odds keep you from pursuing What you know in your heart you were meant to do.
Never try to make anyone like yourself. You know, and God knows, that one of you is enough. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Judy Grahn~ What you will do matters. All you need is to do it.
Robert Byrne~ Partying is such sweet sorrow.
Abigail Van Buren~ It is true that I was born in Iowa but I cant speak for my twin sister.
If you have money in the bank, in your wallet, and spare change in a dish someplace...you are among the top 8% of the world's wealthy.
Florence Nightingale~ Live you life while you have it. Life is a splendid gift - there is nothing small about it.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus. -Alexander Graham Bell
Orson Welles~ Gluttony is not a secret vice.
Arthur Schopenhauer~ Every nation ridicules other nations and all are right.
H.L. Mencken~ We are here and it is now. Further than that all human knowledge is moonshine.
Doug Larson~ A child is a person who cant understand why someone would give away a perfectly good kitten.
Jean Houston~ At the height of laughter the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.
Edward Eggleston~ Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Plutarch~ The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune.
Albert Einstein~ The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.
Unknown~ Whats real in politics is what the voters decide is real.
When dogs leap onto your bed, it's because they adore being with you. When cats leap onto your bed, it's because they adore your bed.
The rich invest; the smart investigate.
Henry Kissinger~ Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.
Thomas Fuller~ Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away.
Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat. -Malcolm Forbes
Henry James~ She had an unequalled gift... of squeezing big mistakes into small opportunities.
The greatest risk is the risk of riskless living. -Stephen Covey
Oliver L. North~ I am here to accept responsibility for that which I did. I will not accept responsibility for that which I did not do.
Jacob Brownowski~ Man masters nature not by force but by understanding.
Lois McMaster Bujold~ If the truth doesnt save us what does that say about us
A more expensive tennis racket will not make you a better player.
Don't be sad, don't be angry, if life deceives you! Submit to your grief - your time for joy will come, believe me. -Alexandra Pushkin
Apathy is the glove into which evil slips its hand. -Bodie Thoene, Munich Signature
Benjamin Disraeli~ He is a self-made man very much in love with his creator.
George Herbert~ The best mirror is an old friend.
Lillian Eichler Watson~ There has never been an age that did not applaud the past and lament the present.
Sren Aaby Kierkegaard~ To love another person is to help them love God.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game. -Unknown Author
The people who oppose your ideas are inevitably those who represent the established order that your ideas will upset. -Anthony D'angelo
Unknown~ He is not deemed to give consent who is under a mistake.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Marcus Terentius Varro~ The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard, and putting off a hard one makes it impossible. -Charles E. Wilson
Mind is all that counts. You can be whatever you make up your mind to be. -Robert Collier
Foka Gomez~ Magic is believing in yourself. If you can do that you can make anything happen.
Langston Hughes uThe Black Man Speaksu~ I swear to the LordI still cant seeWhy Democracy meansEverybody but me.
French Proverb~ Everyone thinks his own burden heavy.
Mark Twain~ Travel is fatal to prejudice bigotry and narrow-mindedness.
Tom Wilson~ These days an income is something you cant live without - or within.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. -Flora Whittemore
Roy D. Chapin Jr.~ Be ready when opportunity comes...Luck is the time when preparation and opportunity meet.
A lie has speed, but truth has endurance. (Edgar J. Mohn)
Hippocrates~ Healing is a matter of time but it is sometimes also a mater of opportunity.
George Eliot~ Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Merry Browne~ Preconceived notions are the locks on the door to wisdom.
Everything is possible; just not too probable.
Can you remember when you didn't want to sleep? Isn't it inconceivable? I guess the definition of adulthood is that you want to sleep.
Joseph Wood Krutch~ Both the cockroach and the bird would get along very well without us although the cockroach would miss us most.
I shut my eyes in order to see. -Paul Gauguin
I am opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the position. -Mark Twain
So many fail because they don't get started; they don't go. They don't overcome inertia. They don't begin. -W. Clement Stone
Confucius~ To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Albert Schweitzer~ Reverence for life affords me my fundamental principle of morality.
Mother Theresa~ Honesty and transparency make you vulnerable. Be honest and transparent anyway.
Two rules to success in life: 1. Don't tell people everything you know.
Kahlil Gibran~ Where can I find a man governed by reason instead of habits and urges
Arab Proverb~ Live together like brothers and do business like strangers.
Michael Landon~ Whatever you want to do do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
e e cummings~ Unless you love someone nothing else makes any sense.
Demosthenes~ Beware lest in your anxiety to avoid war you obtain a master.
My goal in life is to be the sort of person my dog thinks I am.
You're only lonely if you don't like the person you are alone with. -Wayne Dyer
G. C. Lichtenberg~ Everyone is a genius at least once a year. The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together.
Turn your scars into stars. -Robert Schuller
Robert Frost~ Hell is a half-filled auditorium.
John Gunther~ Count Hermann Keyserling once said truly that the greatest American superstition was belief in facts.
Error:015: Unable to exit Windows. Try the door.
It is not the mountains that we conquer, but ourselves. -Sir Edmund Hillary
Johnny Carson~ If it werent for Philo T. Farnsworth inventor of television wed still be eating frozen radio dinners.
Theodore Roosevelt~ All the resources we need are in the mind.
Ayn Rand~ Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
Matrix The~ Neo Mr. Wizard. Get me the hell out of here.
If you wish to study men you must not neglect to mix with the society of children. -Jesse Torrey
Eugene McCarthy~ It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might remember.
Plan ahead: It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark!
It is better to live day by day for you might not be here tomorrow.
Success demands singleness of purpose. -Vincent Lombardi
Thomas Paine~ What we obtain too cheap we esteem too little it is dearness only that gives everything its value.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. -Napoleon Hill
Henry David Thoreau~ I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestioned ability of a man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ The more one works the more willing one is to work.
William Makepeace Thackeray~ Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.
I can see in what you call the dark, but which to me is golden. I can see a God-made world, not a man-made world. -Helen Keller
Jim Bishop~ Nothing is as far away as one minute ago.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with Him.
Every person is a God in embryo. Its only desire is to be born. -Deepak Chopra
Benjamin Disraeli~ Individuals may form communities but it is institutions alone that can create a nation.
Euripides~ What greater grief than the loss of ones native land.
Quality will be prized as a precious possession. -Unknown Author
Mark Twain~ You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Fall seven times; stand up eight. -Japanese Proverb
Andr Gide~ Art is a collarboration between God and the artist and the less the artist does the better.
There is no such thing as a moral dress. It's people who are moral or immoral. - Jennie Jerome Churchill
Character is much easier kept than recovered. -Thomas Paine
Ralph Charell~ Nobody succeeds beyond his or her wildest expectations unless he or she begins with some wild expectations.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. -The Dalai Lama
When you have seven percent unemployed, you have ninety-three percent working. -John F. Kennedy
He who asks questions cannot avoid the answers. -Cameroon Proverb
Jean Rostand~ A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
Ambrose Bierce~ Admiration n. Our polite recognition of anothers resemblance to ourselves.
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right. -Henry Ford
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. (Shakespeare)
Igor Stravinsky~ My music is best understood by children and animals.
Percy Bysshe Shelley~ I love tranquil solitude And such society As is quiet wise and good.
Jesus might have said, "I became man for you. If you do not become God for me, you wrong me.". -Meister Eckhart
Honour sinks where commerce long prevails. - Oliver Goldsmith
Thomas Hobbes~ Fear of things invisible in the natural seed of that which everyone in himself calleth religion.
Blake Clark~ Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts except that the Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
Will Rogers~ Live your life so that whenever you lose you are ahead.
James Allen~ You are today where your thoughts have brought you you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
Originality is the art of concealing your source. (Franklin P. Jones)
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Don't take the wrong side of an argument just because your opponent has taken the right side. - Baltasar Gracian
Maya Angelou~ I answer the heroic question Death where is thy sting with It is here in my heart and mind and memories.
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance. - Louis D. Brandeis
Emily Dickinson~ I dwell in possibility...
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds. -George Eliot
Francis Bacon~ Hope is a good breakfast but it is a bad supper.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Nothing shows a mans character more than what he laughs at.
Publilius Syrus~ Practice is the best of all instructors.
It would not be better if things happened to men just as they wish. - Heraclitus
Fear is met and destroyed with courage. -James F. Bell
To be or not to be is not a question of compromise. Either you be or you don't be. -Golda Meir
Benjamin Disraeli~ I must follow the people. Am I not their leader
A man can do all things if he but wills them. -Leon Battista Alberti
H.L. Mencken~ A home is not a mere transient shelter its essence lies in the personalities of the people who live in it.
Aesop~ Slow and steady wins the race.
Rudyard Kipling~ Words are of course the most powerful drug used by mankind.
If you can keep your head about you when all about you are losing theirs, its just possible you haven't grasped the situation. - Jean Kerr
Robert Anson Heinlein~ A generation which ignores history has no past and no future.
Martha Graham~ The body says what words cannot.
Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud. -Hermann Hesse
William Shakespeare~ I wasted time and now doth time waste me.
Lu Yen~ Heaven is not the wide blue sky but the place where corporeality is begotten in the house of the Creative.
Benjamin Disraeli~ Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so you apologize for truth.
They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad to realize that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days.
James Gilmore Backus~ Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success.
Ludwig van Beethoven~ Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals-that is, goals that do not inspire them. -Anthony Robbins
Charles Lamb~ Boys are capital fellows in their own way among their mates but they are unwholesome companions for grown people.
Honorat de Bueil Marquis de Racan~ Nothing in the world lasts Save eternal change.
Impossible situations can become possible miracles. -Robert H. Schuller
Groucho Marx~ Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Margaret Cho~ Some people are that - more than a parent more than a role model more than anything less than a religion.~ );
Oscar Levant~ Theres a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
Philip~ If anything is certain it is that change is certain. The world we are planning for today will not exist in this form tomorrow.
Thomas Morell~ See the conquering hero comes Sound the trumpets beat the drums
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. -Jeffrey Gitomer
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't; and a sense of humour to console him for what he is. (Horace Walpole)
Behaviour is a mirror in which everyone shows his image. (Goethe)
People only see what they're prepared to see. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Take care in your minutes, and the hours will take care of themselves. -Lord Chesterfield
Carl Sandburg~ The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
The insane create worlds, the sane live in them... the sane create cages, the insane live in them. (Kappa Maki)
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand~ Too much sensibility creates unhappiness too much insensibility leads to crime.
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear. -George S. Patton
Thomas a Kempis~ Love flies runs and rejoices it is free and nothing can hold it back.
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect. -Robert Louis Stevenson
We cannot swing up on a rope that is attached only to our own belt. -William Ernest Hocking
Harrison Ford~ We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
The fearful unbelief is unbelief in yourself. -Thomas Carlyle
Alyssa Fritch~ Today is here yesterday is gone and tommorow never comes.
Hope is the denial of reality. - Dragons of Winter Night. -Margaret Weis
Douglas Adams~ I may not have gone where I intended to go but I think I have ended up where I intended to be.
The difference between an optimist and a pessimist? An optimist laughs to forget, but a pessimist forgets to laugh. -Tom Bodett
Golden verses of the Pythagoreans~ But respect yourself most of all.
King Henry IV of France~ Fr. I want there to be no peasant in my realm so poor that he will not have a chicken in his pot every Sunday.
Miguel de Cervantes~ As ill-luck would have it.
He that lets the small things bind him, leaves the great undone behind him.
Phyllis Diller~ If it werent for baseball many kids wouldnt know what a millionaire looked like.
A person's character and their garden both reflect the amount of weeding that was done during the growing season.
Moses Ibn Ezra~ Dive into the sea of thought and find there pearls beyond price.
Knowing is not enough; We must Apply. Willing is not enough; We must Do. (Goethe)
The Talmud~ The deeper the sorrow the less tongue it hath.
P. D. James~ It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.
Oscar Wilde~ Scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure. -John D Rockefeller
We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us, but for ours to amuse them. -Evelyn Waugh
Press any key...no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!
Experts often possess more data than judgment. -Colin Powell
Never stand between a dog and a tree.
Samuel Goldwyn~ If I want your opinion Ill give it to you.
Franois Auguste Ren Rodin~ To the artist there is never anything ugly in nature.~ );
Marcel Marceau~ Never get a mime talking. He wont stop.
Honore de Balzac~ No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman.
Carrie P. Snow~ Science is the refusal to believe on the basis of hope.
Am I indecisive? .... Can I get back to you on that?
Deane Jordan~ Chain letters are not illegal. What is illegal is to threaten lives in such letters or solicit money.
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, one hundred. - Horace
To be content with little is hard; to be content with much is impossible. (Marie Ebner-Eschenbach)
William Feather~ Setting a good example for children takes all the fun out of middle age.
Bonnie Friedman~ An unhurried sense of time is in itself a form of wealth.
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have.
Paul Valery~ The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
Christian Nestell Bovee~ The next best thing to being witty ones self is to be able to quote anothers wit.
The sun will set without thy assistance. -Talmud
So many people will walk in and out of your life, but those who leave foot prints are true friends.
Ken Faver~ Im not addicted to nicotine so why do I have to participate in your drug addiction
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. -Chretien Malesherbes
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
I don't think meals have any business being deductible. I'm for separation of calories and corporations. - Ralph Nader
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Segregation is the adultery of an illicit intercourse between injustice and immorality.
John Bay~ All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Before the tongue can speak, it must have lost the power to wound. -Pilgrims
Carl Sandburg~ In reply to the question What was it the last man on earth said Where is everybody
You don't win silver. You lose gold.
We are here on earth to do good to others. What the others are here for, I don't know. -W H Auden
Fred Allen~ A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving, make every day a holiday and celebrate just living! -Amanda Bradley
Henry David Thoreau~ There is no rule more invariable than that we are paid for our suspicions by finding what we suspect.
Henry Kissinger~ The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer.
Johann von Goethe~ The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous the sensible man hardly anything.
The only tyrant I will accept in this world is the "still small voice" within me. -Mahatma Gandhi
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Id rather be rich than stupid.
Epictetus~ There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
If you have confidence you have patience. Confidence, that is everything. -Ilie Nastase
Edward Irving Koch~ The knife of corruption endangered the life of New York City. The scalpel of the law is making us well again.
La Rochefoucauld~ The pleasure of love is in the loving and there is more joy in the passion one feels than in that which one inspires.
Realize that true happiness lies within you. -Lucian
One of the great disadvantages of hurry is that it takes such a long time. -Gilbert K. Chesterton
Lyndon B. Johnson~ I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help-and Gods.
John Gilmore~ The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it.
Give a man a fish and he won't starve for a day. Teach a man how to fish and he won't starve for his entire life. (African proverb)
Habits are at first cobwebs, then cables. -Spanish Proverb
Mae: I've been asked to get married lots of times. Rae: Who asked you? Mae: Mom and Dad. Lots of times.
Artemus Ward~ Why is this thus What is the reason for this thusness
Alben William Barkley~ The best audience is intelligent well-educated and a little drunk.
David Letterman~ Fall is my favorite season in Los Angeles watching the birds change color and fall from the trees.
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
African Proverb~ When elephants fight it is the grass who suffers.
Anna Pavlova~ To follow without halt one aim Theres the secret of success.
Joseph Conrad~ All a man can betray is his conscience.
Thomas Huxley~ Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority.
William Shakespeare~ Life is as tedious as a twice-told tale Vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man.
If danger's a step away, safety's step away.
There is nothing as strong as gentleness and nothing is so gentle as real strength. (Ralph W. Sockman)
Francesco Guicciardini~ The Return we reap from generous actions is not always evident.
The meaning of life is to give life meaning. -Ken Hudgins
Thomas Jefferson~ When a man has cast his longing eye on offices a rottenness begins in his conduct.
Martin Luther~ The Bible is the cradle wherein Christ is laid.
A man who throws dirt loses ground.
Aubrey Eben~ Science is not a sacred cow. Science is a horse. Dont worship it. Feed it.
Louise Driscoll~ In your heart keep one still secret spot where dreams may go and sheltered so may thrive and grow.
Enthusiasm is the way you trigger other people's emotions so they instinctively help and support you. -Paul Meyer
Ronald Reagan~ No arsenal or no weapon in the arsenals of the world is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women.
Yogi Berra~ The future aint what it used to be.
Mary Kay Ash~ Aerodynamically the bumble bee shouldnt be able to fly but the bumble bee doesnt know it so it goes on flying anyway.
The harder you work, the luckier you get. -Mcalexander
Ralph Kiner~ Solo homers usually come with no one on base.
The way to make the cold winter go fast is to sign a note in October that becomes due in six months.
I have never been contained except I made the prison. - Mary Evans
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Ernest Hemingway~ You lose it if you talk about it.
Georges Duhamel~ Do not trust your memory it is a net full of holes the most beautiful prizes slip through it.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt. (Herbert Hoover)
Antiphanes~ Poverty is the schoolmaster of character.
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
Alice Walker~ Anybody can observe the Sabbath but making it holy surely takes the rest of the week.
Euripides~ For with slight efforts how should we obtain great results It is foolish even to desire it.
I shall adopt new views as fast as they shall appear to be true views. -Abraham Lincoln
Men are born with two eyes, but only one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say. -Charles Caleb Colton
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. -Harry F. Banks
Amos Bronson Alcott~ One must be a wise reader to quote wisely and well.
Robert Frost~ Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by and that has made all the difference.
Doug Larson~ Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city it might be better to change the locks.
Remember the golden rule: he who has the gold makes the rules.
My garden looks lovely,
Will Rogers~ Its not what you pay a man but what he costs you that counts.
Rita Rudner~ I love being married. Its so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Be bold-and mighty forces will come to your aid. -Basil King
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Natalie Goldberg~ Anything you fully do is an alone journey.
Mark Beltaire~ Strike from mankind the principle of faith and men would have no more history than a flock of sheep.
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. -Vincent Van Gogh
Unknown~ Faith is believeing in something That sometimes doesnt always seem logical.
Pat Elphinstone~ The human brain is like a TV set. When it goes blank its time to turn off the sound.
Don Marquis~ Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Character is a diamond that scratches every other stone. -Anonymous
Samuel Johnson~ The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Howard Hendricks~ Nothing is more common than unfulfilled potential.
In dreams begin responsibility. -William Butler Yeats
If you steal a clean slate, does it go on your record?
Terence~ FORTES FORTUNA ADIUVAT. (Fortune favors the brave.)
Andrea Oldham~ Smile alot Not only will you turn heads youll turn hearts
Every evening I turn my worries over to God. He's going to be up all night anyway. -Mary C. Crowley
Saint Jerome~ No athlete is crowned but in the sweat of his brow.
J. R. R. Tolkien~ I wish life was not so short he thought. Languages take such a time and so do all the things one wants to know about.
Tacitus~ Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
French Proverb~ When one has ones hand full of truth it is not always wise to open it.
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. - Robert L. Stevenson
Frederick Douglas~ The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppose.
Margaret Lee Runbeck~ Happiness is not a station you arrive at but a manner of traveling.
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.
It is your attitude and not your aptitude that determines your altitude. (Zig Zigler)
John Quincy Adams~ Patience and perserverence have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
A man must drive his energy, not be driven by it. -William Frederick Book
Henry Ford~ It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.
People who love sausage and respect the law should never watch either of them being made.
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. -Henry J. Kaiser
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Jan Smuts~ When in doubt do the courageous thing.
Many folks know how to say nothing. Few know when.
Frederick Douglas~ The soul that is within me no man can degrade.
Robert Browning~ Whats the earth With all its art verse music worth - Compared with love found gained and kept
Basil S. Walsh~ If you dont know where you are going. How can you expect to get there
Anthony DAngelo~ Transcend political correctness and strive for human righteousness.
Woody Allen~ Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies.
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple, learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen. -John Steinbeck
Be ready when opportunity comes...Luck is the time when preparation and opportunity meet. -Roy D. Chapin Jr.
When somebody gives you a sexy look, you know they're trying. It's terrible! But when you smile, it's so much sexier!. - Carol Alt
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
Sebastian Moore~ In all religiousness there lurks the suspicion that we invented the story that God Loves us.
Henry David Thoreau~ In the long run men hit only what they aim at. Therefore they had better aim at something high.
Saint Augustine~ Where your pleasure is there is your treasure where your treasure there your heart where your heart there your happiness.
Jim Samuels~ The United States is like the guy at the party who gives cocaine to everybody and still nobody likes him.
Jean Sibelius~ Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic
If you don't run your own life, somebody else will. - John Atkinson
You punch me, I punch back. I do not believe it's good for ones self-respect to be a punching bag. - Edward Koch
Noel Coward~ I like long walks especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
What you do off the job is determining factor in how far you will go on the job. -Zig Ziglar
Robert Henri~ Why do we love the sea It is because it has some potent power to make us think things we like to think.
George Will~ The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
Unknown~ Life is like an onion. You peel off one layer at a time and sometimes you weep.
Friedrich von Schiller~ It does not prove a thing to be right because the majority say it is so.
Jewish Proverb~ Rejoice not at thine enemys fall - but dont rush to pick him up either.
Cicero~ If a man aspires to the highest place it is no dishonor to him to halt at the second or even at the third.
Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower~ Moral victories dont count.
William Feather~ A man must not deny his manifest abilities for that is to evade his obligations.
Benjamin Franklin~ He that lives upon hope will die fasting.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason so few engage in it. -Henry Ford
French Proverb~ There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience.
The men who succeed are the efficient few. They are the few who have the ambition and will power to develop themselves. -Herbert N. Casson
Carlos Castaneda~ All paths lead nowhere follow the path with heart.
Lord give me an answer, or give me the patience to wait for one, just do it now please!
Napolean Hill~ Every adversity every failure and every heartache carries with it the Seed of an equivalent or a greater Benefit.
The enjoyment of life would be instantly gone if you removed the possibility of doing something. -Chauncey Depew
Cecil John Rhodes~ So little done so much to do.
George F. Gilder~ Real poverty is less a state of income than a state of mind.
Leon Trotsky~ If we had more time for discussion we should probably have made a great many more mistakes.
John Henry Newman~ Growth is the only evidence of life.
Homer~ It was built against the will of the immortal gods and so it did not last for long.
Samuel Johnson~ I am always sorry when any language is lost because languages are the pedigrees of nations.
Homer~ The single best augury is to fight for ones country.
Dwight D Eisenhower~ Theres no tragedy in life like the death of a child. Things never get back to the way they were.
George Orwell~ All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.
Study the best and highest things that are; but of yourself humble thoughts retain. - Joe Davis
Benjamin Franklin~ An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Confucius~ He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
Mark Twain~ Friendship is the marriage of the soul and this marriage is liable to divorce.
Mother Theresa~ The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway.
George Ade~ Anybody can win unless there happens to be a second entry.
Rod Kanehl~ Baseball is a lot like life. The line drives are caught the squibbles go for base hits. Its an unfair game.
David Hume~ Art may make a suit of clothes but nature must produce a man.
Anon.~ Opportunity may knock only once but temptation leans on the doorbell.
Jerry Coleman~ Reggie Smith of the Dodgers and Gary Matthews of the homers hit Braves in that game.
Mark Twain~ Just the omission of Jane Austens books alone would make a fairly good library out of a library that hadn't a book in it.
Annie Dillard~ How we spend our days is of course how we spend our lives.
Flora Colao~ Life is playfulness... we need to play so that we can rediscover the magical around us.
Baltasar Gracian~ Friendship multiplies the good in life and divides the evil.
Church members are either pillars or caterpillars..the pillars hold up the church, and the caterpillars just crawl in and out.
Sacha Guitry~ The little I know I owe to my ignorance.
You have a lifetime to work, but children are only young once. (Polish Proverb)
James T. Farrell~ America is so vast that almost everything said about it is likely to be true and the opposite is probably equally true.
Share love and it grows; share sorrow and it lessens.
You can't be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
There are three secrets to success: The first is "Keep your eyes and ears open." The second is "Don't tell everything you know."
Jules Renard~ The only man who is really free is the one who can turn down an invitation to dinner without giving an excuse.
Walter Brunell~ Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
David Schoenbrun~ Historys lessons are no more enlightening than the wisdom of those who interpret them.
Alfred Lord Tennyson~ I am a part of all that I have met.
Robert Herrman~ Everywhere you look in science, the harder it becomes to understand the universe without God.